---
title: 'lunch with the parents'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jun 1, 2025'
---

i woke up eaerly again, around 6am. i spent an hour, even buying a new pen from 7 eleven to write the card for her parents. i practiced a few times to avoid silly mistakes. i ironed my perry ellis linen shirt for an hour. on the wall and on the table. i wanted to present myself in the best way possible.

i arrived at 10:25 for the 10:30 church service. i went to a nearby family mart to get food. when they arrived i saw her and her mom. i greeted her mom but she never greeted back, maybe i was too soft. their church is incredibly lively, almost like a cult. maybe this is what churches are supposed to be. members that are full of vigor to worship and responsive and attentive to the pastors. the sermon was a good reminder on what it means to not seek worth from achievements.

the lunch was at one of their regular spots. the restaurant was as loud as the night before the first day of chinese new year. i could barely speak that day, and in this restaurant, i might as well be mute. the dad was nice to me, but the mom was never nice to begin with. i felt like a stranger, and she was hostile. she shot at me a lot of questions that were criticisms on my behaviour and just on who i am as a person, like my background, my parents, my health issues, my future path, and also warnings on how we SHOULD behave in a relationship. after the lunch i felt like i was not worthy of her.

i went to a few places alone to take pictures. i wanted to make use of my time here. without my camera traveling would be so boring.

1. chiang kai-shek memorial hall (like the DC Abraham Lincoln but for taipei)
2. dr sun yat-sen park

the rest of the day i rested at the hotel. my dinner was from 7 eleven again.
