---
title: 'darkness, hope, renewal'
tags: 'journal, bible, learning'
date: 'Dec 1, 2024'
---

> “The days are coming,” declares the Lord,
> when I will raise up for David a righteous Branch,
> a King who will reign wisely
> and do what is just and right in the land
>
> Jeremiah 23:5

i arrived 11 minutes late to the 9:30 am english service. i came just in time for the worship session.

pastor talked about judah, and the two big forces: egypt and babylon. about how they should rely on God and not on them. and that God will clear out the evil, and have the land and people be renewed.

locked in for paper readings that i couldn't finish the last night.

worked at 3 of my current favorite spots.

transamerica park for the fresh air and peace, it gets chilly and the 505 Sansome AV free wifi is spotty. tables are sanitized daily.

ferry building has no free wifi (at least that know of), you get the view of the sea and the bridge, and tourists and sf locals.

chinatown library has great wifi but it's stuffy. not enough tables around and it gets packed. it also closes too early on weekends and mondays.

reading papers is overwhelming, especially when i have to present them and i can't go too deep into the details, but deep enough to explain to someone what is going on. claude has been extremely useful, i always ask it to explain from first principles to help me grok the technical details, show me how the data flows, input to output, visualize the flow in text, give lots of examples.
