---
title: 'songshan cultural park'
tags: 'journal, travel, love'
date: 'Jun 2, 2025'
---

i met up with her at the train station again. i felt better again, but both of us were clearly impacted by her mother.

we walked under the sun under an umbrella and went to the eslite bookstore.

we had udon noodles here, and i got to sit beside her, chatting with her. with her, doing normal and boring things like eating udon and watching people order udon was nice, i didn't need to achieve anything big or great, with her, i just had to be me. i don't feel like this often. and i wish it could be like this forever.

we bought a Fujicolor Simple Ace Disposable Camera for 990 NTD and proceeded on an adventure to take turns taking pictures. we had 27 shots.

we went to a cat cafe got 5 drinks to satisfy 280 NTD per person. the cats weren't very playful, but i felt happy seeing her play with one of them at the end.

we went to a few thrift stores and took more pictures together. i didn't buy anything, and we barely spent more than 10 minutes in each of them.

we ended the night with hotpot. we got a terrible seat, where the floor was sinking, and we were under a time crunch to get her home by 9:30. but it was nice eating with her.

even though i could barely talk the entire day, and my throat kept itching upon a single word, i still had one of the best days of my life.

i can't imagine being able to do this everyday with her. maybe we'll both get used to it, and we might even start taking each other for granted, or worse, get sick of each other. true love only grows stronger when it is challenged and tested, and this is our test.
