---
title: 'ping pong is so much fun'
tags: 'journal, sports, art'
date: 'Aug 2, 2024'
---

> You either see endings, or within them new beginnings. You either see that you're living in the days your younger self once dreamt of, or that you're still waiting on someday more. You either see a storm that came to disrupt your path, or one that corrected your course. You either see the hours as long and thankless, or life as brief and precious. You either see the mysterious unknown, or an endless realm of possibility. There is what we experience, and then there is the story we tell ourselves about it. Over time, that story becomes the truth we carry, as the other details fade in the distance. Over time, how we write the story determines how we experience it in reality.

[How Larry Gagosian Reshaped the Art World | The New Yorker](https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2023/07/31/larry-gagosian-profile)

- the history's greatest entrepreneurs are not very introspective people. they have an extreme bias for action. they put a ton of energy into what they're doing
- avoid self reflection. that is how you lose your edge.
- people in the art world are incredibly insecure. the richest guy walks into the room. he wants a certain painting, but he can't get it. Gagosian exploits that insecurity.
- he would go to parties uninvited, take polaroids of art, and ask rich people if they wanted to buy them, and once he gets an offer, he asks the party host, "hey i have someone who's interested in buying your art" he's like a shark

---

amen comes from the Hebrew word āmēn which means to believe, to build up or support, foster, faithful, true, trust, permanent, steadfast

i haven't played ping pong for half a year. and i forgot how much fun ping pong is. the competitiveness and sportsmanship. the smash and the spins. the serves and the returns. having trained to be good at a sport like ping pong since young is great because not only you get to have fun with others showing your skills, you also get to teach others the correct form and techniques. it's also something i can carry well into my old age. the muscle memory and techniques that were programmed into my body will always be there. watching the olympics makes me wish that i went pro and played at more competitions, but i'm glad to be good enough at this sport to play with a small group of friends, on an old table, in a small room, at a local church.
