---
title: 'dental appointments and haircuts'
tags: 'journal, book'
date: 'Jan 3, 2025'
---

> "If a writer stops observing, he is finished. Experience is communicated by small details intimately observed." – Ernest Hemingway

dental appointment in the morning, i calculated that each appointment costs me \$400 (\$4800 over 18 months, every 6 weeks)

went to another 3 hours of lecture, i've also calculated that it costs ~\$400 each class, (>\$3k for 8 classes)

did homework during class, i can feel by brains squeezing and my systems failing past the 2 hour mark. 3 hour classes are torture.

got a haircut at the same place, it costs \$15. i'll try to talk more next time, i fell asleep halfway because of the relaxing music in the shop.

got back on ucsf work grind. summary templates still don't perform that much better, open source models keeps hallucinating the information extraction. getting frustrated by the lack of good results. it's harder that i thought. my expectations need to be adjusted.

watched 20 min of interstellar with T. the wave scene on miller's planet never ceases to amaze me. they were 4000 feet, the burj kahlifa is only 2717 ft.

watched the witch, the movie left a bad taste in my mouth after finishing it. it's just so evil and creepy all throughout. like everything is wrong and you just can't figure out why, you're helpless, and you can just only what everything unravel into the worst possible outcome.

finished reading praise of shadows at 1:19 a.m. i'll read the afterword tomorrow at the library.
