---
title: 'japanese beef curry'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 3, 2024'
---

migraine was really bad again today. is it ia lack of quality sleep? stress? braces? dehydration? screens? so many potential causes. i got home and just laid on the floor and was knocked out for an hour.

first time cooking [japanese beef curry](https://www.justonecookbook.com/japanese-beef-curry/) today with my [mueller](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0B4Q29X6Y?th=1) 6 qt enamled cast iron dutch oven. the entire process took 3 hours end-to-end. taste wise, the flavor could be better, and my beef wasn't soft enough. i think it needs curry powder and bay leaves. and i shouldn't use sirloin for my beef, but chuck roast.

spoke to someone working at stripe as a DA.

a few takeaways below.

3 components of work

- define key metrics to track
- running AB tests, interpret results, provide product strategy and recommendations
- deep dive analysis, sizing opportunity, i.e. forecasting cost for next year, causal inference

writing culture at stripe

- always write a doc when making a decision, get opinions from others, have a review session
- compared to traditional powerpoint culture, no need to spend time on making things look nice

stripe vs MSFT

- stripe is growing, still smaller than FAANG, fast moving culture, cares more about startups and smaller business
- microsoft is large, things move slower. more solid structure for doing things
- at stripe, you just do things, there's good and bad side
- MSFT has a lot of usage data, how people use office and teams to run analysis to better serve users. ex: how to acquire more seats (more subscriptions for office products)

stripe DS vs DA

- DS runs more ML models than DA
- DS would deploy a model
- MLEs would do even more engineering type of work, setup envs, MLOps
- experiments is fun, you can learn something totally different from what you expected

experimentation at stripe

- coordinate with eng where to put code,
- do forefront analysis for how much samples needed, metrics to track,
- AA testing to ensure experiment setup is right to not waste time to put in bad data
- it's more manual, microsoft is more streamline to run experiments

experimentations are moments of truths

- experiment results gives you learnings for product roadmap
- i.e. results showed cost but also decrease in conversion rate, run further tests to decide action plan. care about cost or customer more?

advice on career

- look at people ahead of you and where they landed
- gather data points
- it's your choice in the end
- you have to try, sometimes you never know, you have to do it and see if you like it or not
- it's a luck thing to find what you love
