---
title: 'last class of fall'
tags: 'journal, work, people'
date: 'Dec 3, 2024'
---

> Seneca put it, life does not pause to remind you that it is running out.
>
> ― Sarah Bakewell, How to Live

time flies by so fast, the first day of class felt like it was yesterday. i realize i have only a small group of friends in this class, and if they're not around, i instantly feel alone and isolated from the rest of class. the in group is real. a test would be if you came into eye contact with someone, would you say hi or not. and based on that test, i would say i score ~30% out of the 82 students that are still in the program. i am not great at talking to people. i'm very selective in who i talk to. i'm not sure if that's a good thing to build social skills, but it's a good way to maintain my identity and thoughts and ideas. the people around me has influence, and i have to choose them wisely.

rushed spark cluster on aws emr assignment with group till 4 pm, how we spent 4 hours on this i have no clue.

had sweetgreens for lunch, doordash going out promo was 8 bucks off the 19 price tag for choosing salmon as my protein. one of the raw veggies was causing itchiness above my lips. i suspect the arugula

went for a quick gym session with A. 20 min legs session.

coworking calls with T keep me going. they mark my days. they feel more special. without it it's just another regular day.

mock interview with A for meta. soon i'll be the one who needs mock practice. i'm not ready for that. i wouldn't mind staying with ucsf given the opportunity. but i will still give FAANG a shot.
