---
title: 'what is the dream'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Sep 4, 2024'
---

> The longer I live, the more deeply I learn that love — whether we call it friendship or family or romance - is the work of mirroring and magnifying each other's light. Gentle work. Steadfast work. Lifesaving work in those moments when life and shame and sorrow occlude our own light from our view, but there is still a clear-eyed loving person to beam it back. In our best moments, we are that person for another.
>
> – James Baldwin

what is the dream? at that moment, i could think of building in two domains. simple yet elegant consumer apps focused on keeping and maintaining contact with friends, family, and significant others in a low-effort, highly contextual, visual and audial way. and to build tools that help people write and introspect. these two ideas could even be combined together. a daily journal where all your loved ones has access to, integrated with your calendar and photos and location and health data. ever had something happen to you and you trauma dump to one friend, why not trauma dump into an app, and have your loved ones access and read it when they're available and ready to provide advice/comfort or just to listen?

watching recordings of myself speak is so painful. i need practice how to speak with confidence and [assertivenesss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFyy_tju8Hg). i sound like a 15 year old kid who is afraid of everything, the creaks in my voice needs to be replaced with an unwavering conviction in every word. I should be exuding energy, something like brian chesky but toned down a little. i need to extinguish "i guess", "i think", "maybe", and "probably" from my vocabulary. all they do is strip away any credibility i have. i need to speak in [absolutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UFIYQCMvko). i have to keep practicing and cringe at myself a little less each time, until it becomes second nature.
