---
title: "apostles' creed"
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 4, 2024'
---

> I believe in God, the Father almighty, creator of heaven and earth.
> I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord,
> who was conceived by the Holy Spirit
> and born of the virgin Mary.
> He suffered under Pontius Pilate,
> was crucified, died, and was buried;
> he descended to **hell**.
> The third day he rose again from the dead.
> He ascended to heaven
> and is seated at the right hand of God the Father almighty.
> From there he will come to judge the living and the dead.
>
> I believe in the Holy Spirit,
> the holy **catholic**\* church,
> the communion of saints,
> the forgiveness of sins,
> the resurrection of the body,
> and the life everlasting. Amen.

\*that is, the true Christian church of all times and all places

notes on the the apostle creed from Pemuda (young adult service)

- hell and hades is different
- catholic means universal, not roman catholic

Sheol/Hades = the realm of the unbelieving dead, a temporary place where they await for resurrection

Gehena = permanent place and final place of judgement for the lost

prophecy of david -> claim of Peter at Pentecost
ps 16:9-10 -> Acts 2:29:31

Hades

- rich man in torment, looked up and saw far away, Lazarus by the side of Abraham
- there is a gulf in Hades, split into two
- Luke 16:19-23

Jesus and the criminal

- Today you will be with me in paradise (Luke 23:42-43)

Jesus preached in Hades

- He went and preached (proclaimed) go the spirits in prison, who formerly were disobedient
- 8 souls were saved
- Spirits in prison = unbelievers in Noah's time (place for unbelievers
- 1 Peter 3:18-20

imprisoned spirits?

- angels who did not keep their positions of authority but abandoned their proper dwelling (Jude 6)
- "For if God did not spare angels when they sinned, but sent them to hell, putting them in chains of darkness to be held for judgement" (2 Pet 2:4)

Hell is Tartarus, the deepest pit of Hades. not all demons are there. some fallen angels who cohabited with women are there

conclusion

- Jesus really died and went to the realm of the dead
- proclaimed victory over death and the coming judgement, not preached salvation for the unbelievers in Hades

---

old man banging the roof for almost an hour last night made me groggy and sleepy the entire day. semester is almost ending. next week is finals. then it'll start all over again. there's so many things i want to do

wrote a bunch of things that came to my mind that I want to achieve during the car iq seminar series.

1. PyTorch, implement model architectures from scratch
2. Genesis - KG of bible
   - how to parse data? by book
   - verse by verse chunking - or chapter? Both?
   - use chroma db? pg vector?
   - what prompt to use for node and edge creation
   - can one line have multiple head nodes?
   - visualize embeddings on nomic
   - query with GraphRAG? vs normal RAG
   - try contextual embeddings
   - can embeddings find references to OT verses from NT?
   - how can this be used for bible studies?
3. [LLM agents](https://rdi.berkeley.edu/llm-agents/f24) course
   - write an article per course
   - code implementation for each paper -> mega repo called agents
   - build working agents
   - take notes of papers
4. Google AI chrome [hackathon](https://googlechromeai.devpost.com/)
   - clippy: a context grabbing extension that unchartered productivity/ what you're doing on the web and summarizes research it / it accumulates overtime in a vector db. so you don't have to manually tag or organize

hard to figure out what to focus on. hopefully the meta internship narrows down what i have to focus on, helps me realize what i'm interested in and truly want to learn, and forces me to upskill in pytorch and deep learning and ml.
