---
title: 'mount tamalpais'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Nov 4, 2024'
---

one day trip with family.

9 a.m. rental car pick up at Hertz @ the marriott.

wanted a tesla but got a 2025 nissan altima instead.

below was the unplanned, serendipitous, search as i go plan. the highlight was the 180 degree sunset at trojan point. beats the one at utah with the view of SF and the ocean.

- lunch
  - in n out (pier 39)
  - marina green
- fresh smoothie
  - café del soul (mill valley)
- beach
  - muir beach
  - stinson beach
- mt tam
  - pantoll campground
  - old mine trial
  - mount tamalpais east peak
  - verna dunshee trail (short rocky hike)
  - gardner fire lookout
  - trojan point (sunset spot)
- dinner at sausalito
  - Arawan Thai Cuisine
- gifts and snacks
  - trader joes
  - target
- night view
  - Twin peaks

having a car is nice, driving not so much. i visited so many places today. it felt like the longest day ever. being with family again is so comfortable. it's a real blessing.

the entire day it felt like i was travelling on holiday and still in an accelerated masters program, although worries about exams, ucsf research, and homework did creep into my head from time to time. it's hard for me to fully be present and be curious with family. i appreciate them a lot but it's hard to show it. i have to cherish the rest of the days they have here.

headache was quite bad the entire day. i've been sleeping enough, must be something else. stress maybe. i need to learn how to rest and relax at the right times.
