---
title: 'do not worry'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Apr 5, 2025'
---

> 25 “Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life?
>
> 28 “And why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. 29 Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. 30 If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you—you of little faith? 31 So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ 32 For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. 33 But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. 34 Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own
>
> Matthew 6:25-34 NIV

i spent morning in bed on instagram and twitter and youtube. the rejection got me feeling low. watched the bible project video on [Jesus’ Perspective on Wealth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpqOdHV3dmU) it was an important reminder to not seek wealth or to collect and hoard, because we take nothing away with us once we leave this world.

after lunch, we went to la promenade cafe at 3 pm. i spent the whole time from 4 till 8 pm worked on sesame ai contrary research report and my research paper.

i bought 葱油饼 from shanghai beside because i got so hungry. it was not worth $10. we ate sushi at TERUAKI near the bus stop. i felt car sick on the #1 bus on the way back to chinatown. i am not a fan of taking the bus.

started watching ocean waves with t. the movie is not making sense to me so far; the storyline does not feel connected. i can't figure out what the protagonist's main goal is. what is his goal? are we just witnessing a love triangle? or is there more? it's going a bit slow so far. i guess it'll become more interesting later.
