---
title: 'meet joe black'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 5, 2024'
---

decided to rewatch meet joe black for the 3rd or 4th time? a 3 hour movie that's slow, but has beautiful writing and score. you feel a lot of the emotions of the characters. they have this [coffee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9IJNLjb92I) [shop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRVqKulkCPc) scene that i really like.

a few thoughts

- prime brad pitt and his blonde hair style
- claire forlani's eyes and sophistication
- anthony hopkins' presence and authority throughout the movie
- the way he describes about his wife
- joe and his obsession with peanut butter
- the jamaican woman in the hospital
- “eryting goin to be irie now”
- claire's realization of who joe is while they're hugging each other at the party
- death and taxes
- him saying goodbye to his daughter

many more thoughts but its late. overall this movie made me think about how mysterious life is, and the shortness of it. how all your achievements and work and material gains all reduce down to nothing but the relationships that you have and the kindness that you've shown to others and the good work that you've done.

to live a long, peaceful life, to have experienced love, to have worked hard and suffer to build a legacy, to go through the ups and downs with family and friends, to be so lucky where you can wake up one day and say "I don't want anything more". that is true happiness.

---

some quotes

> **Joe Black**: I don't care Bill. I love her.  
> **William Parrish**: How perfect for you - to take whatever you want because it pleases you. That's not love.  
> **Joe Black**: Then what is it?  
> **William Parrish**: Some aimless infatuation which, for the moment, you feel like indulging - it's missing everything that matters.  
> **Joe Black**: Which is what?  
> **William Parrish**: Trust, responsibility, taking the weight for your choices and feelings, and spending the rest of your life living up to them. And above all, not hurting the object of your love.  
> **Joe Black**: So that's what love is according to William Parrish?  
> **William Parrish**: Multiply it by infinity, and take it to the depth of forever, and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I'm talking about.  
> **Joe Black**: Those were my words.  
> **William Parrish**: They're mine now.

> **William Parrish**: Love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. I say, fall head over heels. Find someone you can love like crazy and who will love you the same way back. How do you find him? Well, you forget your head, and you listen to your heart. And I'm not hearing any heart. Cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all. But you have to try, cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.

> **William Parrish**: Yeah, I certainly hope so. Yeah. I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now and every minute in between. And what I dream of is a man who will discover her, and that she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time, and has the grace, compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.

> **Jamaican Woman**: It nice it happen to you. Like you come to the island and had a holiday. Sun didn't burn you red-red, just brown. You sleep and no mosquito eat you. But the truth is, it bound to happen if you stay long enough. So take that nice picture you got in your head home with you, but don't be fooled. We lonely here mostly too. If we lucky, maybe, we got some nice pictures to take with us

> **William Parrish**: I thought I was going to sneak away tonight. What a glorious night. Every face I see is a memory. It may not be a perfectly perfect memory. Sometimes we had our ups and downs. But we're all together, and you're mine for a night. And I'm going to break precedent and tell you my one candle wish: that you would have a life as lucky as mine, where you can wake up one morning and say, "I don't want anything more." Sixty-five years. Don't they go by in a blink?

> **William Parrish**: It's hard to let go, isn't it?  
> **Joe Black**: Yes it is, Bill.  
> **William Parrish**: And that's life... what can I tell you.
