---
title: 'back to work'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 6, 2025'
---

> “The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.”
> ― Baruch Spinoza

two meetings for two of my projects today. presenting my results was super messy, my code files were everywhere, i was scrolling through my dump of notes on notion, it's embarrassing i need to be better at presenting results. the only key details are: data, model, loss function, evaluation, and plots. everything else are not essential, do not show code. keep things simple, reduce their cognitive load. this is a skill that every data and ai person needs to know, and one i will continually improve upon as i keep running more experiments, and work on bigger projects.

turns out the results i have were considered good enough for a journal submission. this will be my first abstract i'll be writing in my life. it's very exciting. also got my temu "christmas presents" that i bought for myself. the pants are longer than i expected. the space cardigan is pretty. the ceramics from china are

walked to the gym and the pain is travelling. realized my leg wasn't the same anymore and it's giving me anxiety. if this is a hip labral tear that means surgery in the long run, or months of PT that will cost dollars this time, not ringgit.

with gerd still looming, waiting to strike again, and this new injury, it makes me worried about being so far from home. felt very pessimistic again.

finished theory of everything, that scene where he walks off stage and picks up the pen is melancholic. the pains of our imagination, unable to match with our reality. what seems like a curse can be a gift, he is an inspiration to us all, a true example of how there are no limits to what we can do, and we have no excuse to not dream bigger, and work the hardest towards what we love doing.
