---
title: 'time series quiz'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Feb 6, 2025'
---

> "I think the job of the artist is to remind people of what they have chosen to forget." – Arthur Miller

went to the library to study the lecture notes and code. there's always the same person at the same seat, i assume they're homeless, and i'm amazed how curious they are. they always have a pile of books. i hope they do well and find a way to escape her situation. my muji umbrella was stolen as i left for home. felt mad at myself for being dumb enough to leave it at the door, dissapointed at the person who stole it, and sad because we live in an unequal society that encourages theft, and nostalgic because i bought that in iowa and it had sentimental value. got a broken umbrella from lost and found for the rainy day. rushed home to have lunch, and went for ml class.

felt so tired in ML class, i was half awake again, expending all my efforts to stay awake. was simultaneously trying to focus on the test and prepare for the upcoming quiz.

time series exam was difficult, rushed till the last second, shoudl've focus on concepts more than code. i realize whenever i gloss over some details, it always come back to bite me during exams. i never know what i don't know, until i do a test.

lunar new year celebration was a lion dance. it felt weird since it was indoors and quiet. so uncomfortable and awkward in front camera, i need to up my camera game. i remember i wanted to film more, or do a podcast, it'll help train my speaking and articiulation, and confidence as well. realized i don't like big group discussions, always feel like these conversations are unproductive yet there's also a part of me that wants to join in and be part of the in-group

finished watching pride and prejudice with T. something triggered my anxiety and insecurities, had a discussion about what love means. i have a lot to learn about myself and about her. i have to remain curious, and open, and empathetic.
