---
title: 'problem of a lifetime'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Sep 6, 2024'
---

went to aws gen ai loft for a hackathon, got a badge and free coffee at 9:35 a.m. and proceeded to leave at 9:50 to get to class.

class was just practicing pandas. the seminar series speakers had us write what problem we would want to solve in our lifetime. i wrote something related to solving loneliness across all ages, and the heat in asia.

started looking into Watershed again. all employees there are from ivy leagues. i wonder who i can talk to, and how i can get in. i love that one of their culture is being [curious about the world](https://arc.net/l/quote/bjbmvmll):

> Climate change is one of the most important issues facing our society, so we see a broad awareness of science, technology, and policy as critical to our work. No matter what corner of the organization someone’s working from—marketing, sales, product, engineering—we know our best work comes from a deep understanding of the climate ecosystem. Not everyone comes to Watershed as an expert, but everyone comes to Watershed excited to learn.
>
> Our culture of transparency means everyone is welcome to “lurk” into the work of other teams through docs, emails, and Slack channels where they can learn about the stuff they’re most interested in. Beyond that, we’re always actively helping each other stay informed–our “climate expert office hours” are among the most popular company meetings, and we love sharing out links to the latest literature or notes on our learnings.

relational db class was setting up google cloud and creating a sql instance and running queries on snowflake.

then realized our group did our assignments completely wrong and stayed 2 hours to redo everything, and then all of us get chipotle and talked about school and movies.

then rushed to church and got there at 9 p.m., was welcomed by everyone, ate soup, and talked, and played ping pong till midnight.
