---
title: 'capital chicken wings'
tags: 'journal, life, SF'
date: 'Dec 6, 2024'
---

> Toda Mariko: Do you know "The Eightfold Fence"? From the time we are small, it is something we are taught to build within ourselves. An... impenetrable wall, behind which we can retreat whenever we need. You must train yourself to listen without hearing. For instance, you can listen to the sound of a blossom falling or the rocks growing. If you really listen, your present circumstance vanishes. Do not be fooled by our politeness. Our bows, our maze of rituals. Beneath it all... we could be a great distance away. Safe. And alone.

couldn't focus on studying for the entire morning, took a fat nap during lunch, and did a bit of studying before leaving for the distributed final.

exam was straightforward, 80% of my cheatsheet was not necessary, which made me feel like i wasted my time again, but there is value in the process, not the outcome.

been watching shogun and it's taken over my thoughts. scenes from shogun kept playing in my head while i was doing my test. the soundtrack is so good. i like crimsom sky and "why tell a dead man the future". my favorite aspect about the film is the english guy, john, being thrown into the politically turbulent time in japan, with his crassness in his speech and actions, you get to experience the nuances of japanese culture, particularly the deep emphasis on respect and formalities. you're rooting for him throughout the movie, as the outsider in an unknown world. there's also the idea of freedom and culture, on one side, john's pursuit of individual freedom as a sailor is seen as a cage by mariko, leaving him rudderless and lacking in meaning, while mariko with her sense of duty and obligation, although gives her purpose, is trapped in tradition, keeping her tethered to a bleak existence.

went to cafe new honolulu for dinner with the boys, mapo tofu is good. salt and pepper fried pork as well. went for second round at [capital](https://maps.app.goo.gl/27dqCrRdaC7eAo4X7) for chicken wings, best in the bay area(according to [sf chronicle](https://www.sfchronicle.com/food/restaurants/article/best-wings-bay-area-19563262.php))
