---
title: 'concision'
tags: 'journal, writing, advice'
date: 'Aug 7, 2024'
---

> Romans 12:12: be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer

lack of resources is a feature. its a benefit. — Kevin Kelly

---

- i majored in statistics and I can't answer basic T/F or mcq questions on it. so disappointed in myself
- Oliver Sacks – the last interview and other conversations
- 500g red and white miso 4.99 each at Nijiya market
- write rice and brown rice and kimchi at Woori market
- neighbor downstairs went up at midnight on the roof to bang on our ceiling as a form of revenge. so paranoid of making noises now.

---

[how to be concise by Wes Kao](https://newsletter.weskao.com/p/how-to-be-concise)

- what is conciseness?
  - concise != short
  - some ideas can't be reduced further, don't simplify too much
  - the goal is to be effective, to reduce cognitive load
  - use as many words as necessary
- why it's hard to be concise
  - clear thinking is the bottleneck
  - ideas are often messy because your'e still working through with what you believe
  - find someone to bounce ideas off of
  - write your ideas, writing is a forcing function to clarify what you think and generate new, better ideas
- ways to be concise
  - figure out your main point
    - process the info
    - make sense of it
    - decide what's important
    - organize it
    - say it out loud
  - ask yourself
    - what do you want to get out of this meeting?
    - what is the most important thing to share?
    - what action do you need folks to take?
  - state your main point in 2-3 sentences
  - don't explain events chronologically, say your punchline upfront
    - here's the important thing I want to discuss. here's what I need from you. here are a few sentences about the situation, with the option to elaborate if needed.”
  - constantly remind yourself to shorten your delivery
    - "is this the shortest way you can explain this?"
    - "what are you really trying to say? can you just say that?"
  - exercise situational awareness
    - breath in between talking
    - notice if people are losing interest
    - pause sooner than you think and give the other person a chance to respond
    - think about how to end gracefully
  - don't be too concise
    - volunteer some information without being asked, don't force people to draw basic information out of you
    - [explain ideas well](https://newsletter.weskao.com/p/delegating-and-explaining) by covering all the basics, you set them up to ask better, more advanced questions
  - use "main point above, context below"
    - allows audience to immediately understand the point, and get more details
  - offer to elaborate, and proactively assert what to share
    - don't just say "let me know what you want to know", share what other options you looked at, and what opinions you want
- the goal is to create understanding as quickly and easily as possible
- being succinct isn't enough. you must also be clear, compelling, and coherent too.

also see: [how to present to your CEO](https://newsletter.weskao.com/p/how-to-present-to-your-ceo)
