---
title: 'ai devtools hackathon d1'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Sep 7, 2024'
---

> Writing computer software is one of the purest creative activities in the history of the human race. Programmers aren't bound by practical limitations such as the laws of physics; we can create exciting virtual worlds with behaviors that could never exist in the real world. Programming doesn't require great physical skill or coordination, like ballet or basketball. All programming requires is a creative mind and the ability to organize your thoughts. If you can visualize a system, you can probably implement it in a computer program.
>
> From: A Philosophy of Software Design, John Ousterhout

started discussing about this new idea for accounting. feels like the start of something big. we can finally start building and stop wondering about what to build. we have a direction and guidance. enough talking. its time to build.

mechanics institute library looks like something out of cambridge. they had the paris review magazines. spent the entire time working on bash and pandas exercises and making a cheatsheet. what a waste of 2 hours at a beautiful library.

got blue bottle cappuccino for $6.23. it was the best coffee ive had. i haven't drank good coffee for years.

went for the mintlify ai devtools hackathon that was only 5 minutes away from home by walking. talked to keywords ai founders (llm observability). talked to fraction ai (scale ai but decentralized with web3 through telegram). mintlify cofounders presented. paradigm yc cofounders showed up later. greptile energy drinks. ideas for ai dev tools that were pitched: llm for error logs, for database schemas, for fixing grammar in docs, for changelogs, etc.

first hackathon in-person with W. learned about [trunk](https://docs.trunk.io/cli), a useful tool to automate ci tasks. docs writing is huge for any software business. mintlify is smart to capitalize on that. working with llms is so finnicky. but hackathon demos are all about entertainment and cherry-picking.

left at 11. went back for some food, and on a whim went to monroe sf. stood in line for an hour. prompted claude 3.5 for our accounting project. so excited to get started. wondering how i can integrate agents into this. paid $10 bucks each. the club was so crammed. bodies pushing bodies. sticky floors and blinding lights. ear-piercing music and heart-thumping bass. mostly stood in a corner observing. left at 1:30 a.m. ears were ringing so badly the rest of the night.

writing this at 2:40 a.m., wondering what tomorrow holds with hope.
