---
title: 'dyson design principles'
tags: 'journal, design, ideas'
date: 'Aug 8, 2024'
---

- **observe nature**
  - no one ever had an idea staring at a drawing board, get out and look at things
  - when an idea comes, grab it, and play with it until it works
- **everyday products sell**
  - its hard to improve a mature product but if you succeed, you don't have to invent a new market.
  - try out current products and make a list of things you don't like about them
- **always try to create new technology**.
  - the thing about new tech is it makes your invention patentable and no one can copy it
  - anything you can dream of, someone, somewhere may have done something similar before. this is often extremely difficult
- use the Edisonian principle.
  - **keep testing and retesting** and only believe the evidence of your own eyes. not a formula or other peoples opinion.
  - you may have to ignore evidence and market research, they can only tell you what has happened, not what is going to happen.
- **constant revolution**:
  - constantly rethink and improve every aspect and function. never being satisfied until you have solved every problem. do that, and you can be sure of consistently and reliably outperforming the opposition.
  - solving functional problems at every level into the a high degree of perfection as possible. the only way to keep possession of your invention is to keep strengthening it
- **expressive design**.
  - it is what is inside that is important. to start by thinking from the outside is to doom the project from the outset.
  - good design generated out of the function of the thing will explain why it is better and why it should be bought.
  - products can only be beautiful when they work well. then you can allow the form to follow the function, then make it different for its own sake.
  - then make it orange and red. go further, there is nothing wrong with making the consumer laugh. conventional looks do not make a product more marketable
- **stamina and conviction**.
  - excellence is the capacity to take pain. breaking the mould will upset people. it will take longer than you imagine.
- **total control**.
  - the original visionary must be the one seeing the idea through.
  - aim not to be clever but to be dogged

---

- i'm becoming more fond of going to the gym. i love the sense of accomplishment. the soreness of my body which tells me that my muscles are being torn apart, promoting growth. it's an activity that is so measurable, a game that is physically and mentally rewarding. the ability to make it easy (walkable and structured routines) and the sense of progress is so important to create a habit. i'm excited to see my progress. i should set a target to reach. pushing myself just the right amount.
