---
title: 'costco: the american dream'
tags: 'journal, life'
date: 'Dec 8, 2024'
---

went to church and promptly returned home because of the "i have finals" excuse. i'll join fellowship next week. an uncle joked around that i look 14, and i never know how to react, maybe returning the compliment back that they look young as well??

tested their piano and i forgot hwo much i enjoyed playing whatever comes to mind. i wish i had a piano at home, but the church is so close, i can walk 5 minutes on the weekdays and play as well. that's my goal for next year, using the gifts that God has given me and to continue serving at this church. all the years crying and dreading piano practice paid off?

went to costco w A and his brother. always interesting to hear perspectives and meet new people. the past 6 months i've been talking to the same people over and over again, that talking to someone new feels like unlocking a secret level in a game. you don't know what to expect anymore, how the person would react to you, how they feel about you.

saw a zoox car outside of costco. i like the color. its easy to normalize the things i see around me, in real life at events, and on twitter. i like in a bubble, and i'm not fully taking advantage of it. my time here in sf feels permanent, but i never know what's going to happen next year. i must treat everyday in sf like it's my last.

A's brother said costco is the american dream. meat and produce and everything else, in bulk, at a competitive price. (possibly) only something that can exist in america.
