---
title: 'figma designing'
tags: 'design, work, life'
date: 'Jan 10, 2025'
---

> "In the end, everyone is aware of this: nobody keeps any of what he has, and life is only a borrowing of bones." –Pablo Neruda

i got my results last night, today was all about abstract writing. chatgpt is terrible for writing still. the canvas doesn't listen to your instructions. claude still miles ahead of the game. it one shotted a request to generate latex tables for my results without a sweat. i regret switching to chatgpt.

in between the grind for getting the papers out, i continued to design the [chinatown hackathon posters](https://www.figma.com/design/ypFsOPP22K0F0meuxgSdSy/chinatown-hackathon?node-id=5-258&t=dUL1rD5RXhyda78X-1). i'm having so much fun with these. mom designed along with me in the family call. she has a good eye for design too. i'm happy to see her taking interest and collaborating with her on something. i feel like i've only begun to scratch the surface of what figma is capable of, yet it can already produce something beautiful. their tool is so intuitive and friendly, and as AI is embedded more into tools for thought and design, we can produce more beautiful things, limited only by our imagination and taste.

deadline for abstract is extended and i can breathe again. took a break, but that break did not last long as i rushed the experiments homework till the deadline.

i've been eating salmon and miso with tofu the past few days. and i haven't left the house in 3 days. i haven't seen the sunlight, i have not smelled the air. i'm beginning to lose sense of the real world.
