---
title: 'sunflower seed butter'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Feb 10, 2025'
---

> "The world is a wonderfully weird place, consensual reality is significantly flawed, no institution can be trusted, certainty is a mirage, security a delusion, and the tyranny of the dull mind forever threatens…but our lives are not as limited as we think they are, all things are possible, laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame, and in the end it’s love and love alone that really matters." – Tom Robbins

t made posters for the hackathon and i am eternally grateful. impressed and proud of her, and feeling guilty for making her stay up again. got sunflower seed butter at safeway because it was the same price as almond butter. first try was horrendous, it's better with a dollop of honey. the leaking sink was finally replaced, it's a bigger, more expensive one this time. i'm glad i have a good landlord who cares about our well-being. took my ucsf meeting, not prepared enough to answer questions that are shot at me about the papers i bring up. i feel like i do the bare minimum these days. i prep for meetings 5 minutes prior. there are so many things going on. went to gym again after a so long, i always feel better after gym. the lat pullups are making my stomach uncomfortable, i'm worried it's affecting my nissen wrap. spent the rest of the day and night cheatsheet making for distributed. i can't believe i'm writing mongodb commands on paper, and i have to pay money to do this. i'm sure there's a lesson here, that writing boost memorization and comprehension, and it trains me to study better, but can i at least learn something more useful? something that i can use at work or for my career? i'm going to be clauding these commands anyways, making me learn mongodb commands is such a waste of effort and time, i'd rather compute more SVD or PCA steps by hand, because it's more relevant for ai research to understand basic concepts deeply.
