---
title: 'presido lawn'
tags: 'startup, job, ideas'
date: 'May 10, 2025'
---

a few questions i prepared for [inklink](https://www.inklink.com) ceo:

founding story

- how did this idea come about? how did you convince jung about it?
- any particular moment that convinced you to build inklink? possibly for the next decade of your life?
- what company culture from money lion do you want to bring into inklink?
- what mistakes did you make in the early days from moneylion that made you want to approach things differently with inklink

market

- what's the most common misconception do inestors have that you find yourself correcting
- what feedback do they have?
- you mentioned being contrarian and being right, what is your contrarian belief about inklink?

product

- how do you envision proof standards evolving?
- how do we balance the security rigor of the verification system against friction in user experience (MCPs with browser use)
- what metrics beyond growth numbers do you watch to know you’re successfully building digital trust?
- what do you think abou the idea of an inklink app?
  - device biometrics
  - GPS for location based proof (attending an event or visiting a location)

vision

- inklink 5 years from now, what would make you most proud beyond business success metrics
- consumer facing brand? (given the badge systems) or invisible infrastructure layer (agent2agent)

hiring

- as a second engineer, what specific gaps are you hoping i can fill to strengthen the team?
- what qualities do you look for beyond technical skills?
- what are some important lessons you’ve learned about structuring roles and responsibilities for an early team?

ideas

- international opportunities where credential systems are less developed

a few more that came up

- what is plan for exit
- monetization strategy

takeaways

- biggest mistake was not focusing on the brand
- first few hires are important to build culture
- building a trust infrastructure, contrarian view is it's a infrastructure that requires a brand and building horizontal instead of vertical
- time to create proof as golden metric

---

the rest of the day was on the shorthand prediction assignment at Cavalli Cafe with A. i did not act well here. i kept napping on the table, and i was angsty and mean. i should not interact with people when i'm tired.
