---
title: 'confessions'
tags: 'reading, philosophy, book'
date: 'Jul 10, 2025'
---

went to whole foods to get lunch. and then went to the book people bookstore. i wasn't a big fan of the books here. then went to the capitol for some photos. i liked the SF capitol more.

on the plane, i finished reading confessions by tolstoy. i'll be reading this again sometime in the future. there are a lot of themes to explore and dive into.

a few important quotes

> “I live, really live, only when I feel Him and seek Him. ... To know God and to live is one and the same thing. God is life.” ￼

> “Faith is a knowledge of the meaning of human life in consequence of which man does not destroy himself but lives. Faith is the strength of life. If a man lives he believes in something… If he understands the illusory nature of the finite, he must believe in the infinite. Without faith he cannot live.”

> “In general the relation of the experimental sciences to life’s question may be expressed thus: Question: ‘Why do I live?’ Answer: ‘In infinite space, in infinite time, infinitely small particles change their forms in infinite complexity, and when you have understood the laws of those mutations of form you will understand why you live on the earth.’” ￼

> “‘What is the meaning of my life?’ was: ‘You are what you call your “life”; you are a transitory, casual cohesion of particles. The mutual interactions and changes of these particles produce in you what you call your “life”. That cohesion will last some time; afterwards the interaction of these particles will cease and what you call “life” will cease, and so will all your questions. You are an accidentally united little lump of something... The lump will disintegrate and there will be an end of the fermenting and of all the questions.’” ￼

> “So I too clung to the twig of life, knowing that the dragon of death was inevitably awaiting me, ready to tear me to pieces; and I could not understand why I had fallen into such torment. The deception of the joys of life which formerly allayed my terror of the dragon now no longer deceived me.” ￼

> “I look into the immensity of sky and try to forget about the immensity below, and I really do forget it. The immensity below repels and frightens me; the immensity above attracts and strengthens me. ... I see that I no longer hang as if about to fall, but am firmly held. ... From the pillar a loop hung very ingeniously and yet simply, and if one lay with the middle of one’s body in that loop and looked up, there could be no question of falling.” ￼
