---
title: 'fort point, marine drive'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Nov 10, 2024'
---

got up early to get pictures at fort point with family, we haven't taken a picture with the golden gate yet. the car is due at 10:30 so we were on a time crunch.

lots of people running here, most of them bring their dogs. it's windy here. the waves were crashing on the rocks, and spill over the pavements.

printed more llm for medical papers at the marriot when we returned the car. i get so excited over free printing. Lots of interesting ideas and results in these papers, but which one are relevant and practical? tomorrow is first day. i want the fast track onboarding where i'm already committing on the first day. i want to implement ideas, run experiments, report results, iterate, and publish. i can see myself being obsessed with problems and stressed out about not getting the results i expect. and overworking myself. but it's for a good cause.

lunch was at ma's dimsum. the wait is pretty long. prices are good, mostly <15 bucks. frog texture is interesting, the burnt rice was satisfying. not so much the crunch, but the taste of charcoal and fire.

napped for way too long, from 3 to 5 p.m. i was supposed to study. i hope i can catch up tomorrow. the first test is always more anxiety-inducing. i don't know what to expect.

family came around 7. finally decided to clean up my table. sundays are for cleaning. gave a lot of free merch to sister. i like how excited she gets.

dinner with family again at home, sent a lot of photos i've been taking to each of them. i like my camera a lot. it struggles with in darker and sunny conditions, but the color and quality is great. apartment is going to feel so empty again after this. it's been nice having family around. it feels more homey. before this it just felt like a temporary and expensive shelter for sleep and food that gets cold at night, and it'll go back to that after this.

doing homework questions and exercises always gives me so much intuition. i always find it hard to learn concepts formula first, i need to learn things problem-based first, and then gain understanding for the whys and hows.
