---
title: 'arize AI'
tags: 'life, learning, SF'
date: 'Jul 11, 2024'
---

- so many errands to run, amazon things, hotel booking cancellation, dentist search, mobile phone plan, so adult things to deal with
- Need to find a good podcast for walking to school
- Need to remind myself I’m in SF and I study here and live here now. Ben 1 year ago would freak out.
- classmate asks me and I can’t even figure out as well, im such a failure
- realizing how much free time I used to have, I miss days where I can do just one thing. Now its like 10 micro things in a day
- Will things slow down when I start working? When priorities starts to narrow down? When my goals start to be more defined?
- I’m definitely lacking sleep, i yawn almost every 5 minutes in class
- arize ai shack 15, crazy that im back after a year
- regret not talking to anyone and just getting free merch and food. also hard to network if im just a student here, i guess i need to build more, and build something worth talking about?
- Rooftops for calls are perfect if it wasn’t so windy
- I actually have 0 time for anything other than school and meal prep and walking and going to events now, the opportunity cost is high. Which event to go? What side project to focus on? When to do this homework? When to review that class? When to make time for social? Transportation eats up a lot of time.
- can’t believe i spent 3 hours doing homework
- So much pressure being around smarter people, which was the ideal environment to grow, i guess i wasn't prepared about how uncomfortable and distressing it can be. I guess its because im in school, and it can be zero sum, sma
- i need to go to bed earlier
