---
title: 'worry is a sin'
tags: 'bible, personal, philosophy'
date: 'Sep 11, 2024'
---

> worry is anti-God arrogance
> a real christian should never worry
> do what you can and let the chips fall where they may. all in God's hands
> few people respect fate anymore
> only atheists worry about missing a flight or constantly contemplate "where do i see myself in 5 years?"
>
> stop asking god to make sure everything turns out ok, and start asking him for strength to persevere if things don't
>
> [source](https://x.com/thelawshorts/status/1833504323591934304)

i [worry](https://www.gotquestions.org/Bible-worry.html) about everything in my life. i create fictitious scenarios in my head that lets anxiety grow and fester. i need to think less. i need to let go of things i cannot control. i can only control my actions and my thoughts and my attitude towards life. i need to take what Kierkegaard calls a [leap of faith](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leap_of_faith?useskin=vector).

> "Thinking can turn toward itself in order to think about itself and skepticism can emerge. But this thinking about itself never accomplishes anything."

a few verse to help remind me that, as a christian, i should not worry.

> Philippians 4:6 - "Do not be anxious [do not worry] about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God."
>
> Matthew 6:25-27 - Therefore I tell you, do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothes? 26 Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they? 27 Can any one of you by worrying add a single hour to your life
>
> 1 Peter 5:7 - "Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you."
>
> Philippians 4:7 - (Not directly quoted, but referenced as promising "peace which transcends all understanding")
>
> Matthew 11:28-30 - "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light."
