---
title: 'fall mod 1 done'
tags: 'life, SF, productivity'
date: 'Oct 11, 2024'
---

> Omedetou: celebrate the small wins

highlights from fall mod 1

- sf systems
- went to google office for ollama meetup
- visited salesforce park (it's a nice place to stroll after lunch)
- waterloo house cooling party (saw a nuclear fusor in person + twitter people)
- went to playspace and presented to 30+ people
- traded for aerogel
- looted free stuff from a group house
- malaysian independence party with singaporeans
- went to a comedy show in a bar
- picked up trash in mission
- bought nectar bed and set it up
- started papertrail
- ai devtools hackathon best demo w agentops
- practicum meet n greet (kevala & meta)
- meta interview grind
- got meta with chinatown boys
- transamerica park ping pong
- haidilao in fremont with old and new friends
- kbbq and karaoke with the boys
- built aha and presented at class
- first book club – user friendly
- visited a presbyterian church
- ray summit
- cooked japanese beef curry
- took the hardest exam in my life
- gym'ed 18 times, currently squat 135lbs (but causes soreness in lower back) and curl 40 lbs.

---

two lessons from [aging is another word for living](https://rojospinks.substack.com/p/aging-is-another-word-for-living) by rosie spinks that i want to take into the rest of the program

lesson #11: find 25 minutes

> If you think you don’t have time for hobbies, writing, fitness, reading, gardening, it’s because you’re looking for hours. <mark>Look for 25 minutes, a few times a week.</mark> That’s all you need. The first five minutes for faffing about, the next 20 are for doing the thing.

lesson #13: relish life at your busiest

> There is a state of being where you are hyper-functioning, pathologically getting things done, thinking that once you tick off every last thing, you will finally get to all the good stuff. It’s possible to spend your entire life in this mode, promising yourself you’ll enjoy it all once you get to the other side. <mark>The other option is to accept there is no other side. To realize that the assignment is not to get everything done perfectly, it’s to find ways to relish life even (especially) when you’re the busiest.</mark> I will never not be re-learning this lesson, but Oliver Burkeman’s essay on adopting a “deliberate defiance toward the inner taskmaster” has really kept it front and center in my mind this year.
