---
title: 'yosemite day 2'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Aug 12, 2024'
---

> people avoid talk of serious goals because if they admit those goals, even to themselves, then they would have to accept that they might fail. so to avoid bruising our own tender spirits, we might claim a more carefree attitude about our searches or our destinies. that is, until we have their fruits, as if by secret action or magic, safely in our pockets.
>
> desire is a beautiful emotion and a visceral motivator. i think you should court it with a healthy respect. life is at once more serious and more exuberant if you do so. there is a sweetness tasted not just in success, but in enjoying the searches and quests themselves, and in maintaining a wistful imagination. the threat of failure is necessary to accept these benefits. if you cultivate only defense, you will not cultivate the others.
>
> – [simon sarris](https://map.simonsarris.com/p/quests-failure-desire)

- glacier point hike
- a lot can be said about what a person thinks about as he hikes on trails with only them and their mind, always in his head, surrounded by beauty of nature and the possibility of connection and friendship, but unable to appreciate it or fully give themselves to it
- is there good vs bad company? or just what you make of it and how you adapt to different social groups
- i always go back to the same feeling, about how i havent achieved anything great yet, that i have to do certain things or possess certain qualities or traits or items, and only then i can be satisfied with myself and i can be completely happy, even though thats not how life works, and ill always have more desires and new goals to reach
- 50 push ups
- kbbq dinner + steak
- johnnie walker double black scotch whiskey with ice
- secret hitler, uno flip, monopoly deal
