---
title: 'sunday school'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 12, 2025'
---

went back to the chinese methodist church. everyone who saw me was happy to see me. and it goes both ways. i came to the english service slightly late. i was tasked to help out at sunday school. from my observations of these 7-10 graders, kids nowadays speak just like the internet, and i'm not sure if i'm a fan of that. it's jarring to see how they can't stay seated, or answer a question seriously, any chance they get, they want to blurt out a meme or crass joke. it was an unpleasant experience. there were a few golden moments, when i helped the younger girls flip the kids bible to the right page, and watching them try to read it, and stopping at the words she wasn't sure how to read. that was a heart warming fuzzy moment.

after fulfilling my duties, i went to the library to Get Work Done. and then ordered from Hon's Wun-Tun house, clams with sake and dumplings. i took the food to the transamerica park, it was incredble. though the alcohol content the clams gave me a headache. i walked pass my old apartment, an entire years worth of memories flooded back. i was stuck in that cold damp hole for an entire year. i felt lucky being moved to austin. my QoL definitely improved. although the money probably played a factor in it.

i was supposed to catch my flight with my 50 lbs luggage, but turns out, you can't check your bag 45 mins before a flight. lesson learned. i now know that you have to check in at least an hour and 15 mins before, minimum if you want to check a bag and fly. my flight was moved by a day, and i went back to W's apartment feeling like a failure. maybe i was just sour that things didn't go my way and it was all my fault.