---
title: 'unstructuredness in remote work'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 13, 2025'
---

> "See enough and write it down, I tell myself. And then some morning, when the world seems drained of wonder, some day when I’m going through the motions of doing what I am supposed to do… On that bankrupt morning, I will simply open my notebook and there it will all be, a forgotten account with accumulated interest. Paid passage back to the world out there. It all comes back. Remember what it is to be me."
>
> –Joan Didion

my days no longer have structure. i no longer delay gratificaion. being at home and working remote means i can easily just get distracted by non-work related stuff for 2 hours, and wonder where the time went. i also means i can take one meeting at 12 pm, which then takes away all my energy, and it's already lunch time, where I usually play a movie or get sucked into the youtube rabbit hole. after that i'm too tired for any serious work I and proceed to procrastinate until it's after 10pm, which is my prime time for focusing again, until it's 1 a.m.

being stationary and stuck on my computer at home has a huge negative impact to my mental well-being. just being able to talk to T and going out for a walk outside to the redwoods park below transamerica helped make me feel so much better. i should go to that park more often just to have a short break. im lucky enought o live only one block away, i should utilize it more. if only it wasn't so cold, i would be going more frequently.

got my drivers license in the mail today. my citation request that was denied also came with it. either i do clipper START or i do community service to handle this $130 fine. i refuse to accept the fact that they fined me even though the tap device was broken. i will find a way. i have 25 days.
