---
title: "we're never as good or as bad as they say"
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Mar 13, 2025'
---

the title is an excerpt taken from "Entering the world of fairytales, fantasy, and distractions" by Pedram Keyani, found in [Facebook's Little Red Book](https://www.map.cv/blog/redbook)

it's a lesson about not being distracted by the news or stock price when building a product (Facebook):

> I tell myself to not get fooled by thinking the news articles and the stock price reflect the value of what we are building or our prospects moving forward. We are building something that is adding so much value in the world and if we can stay focused and execute on that vision, we will build a long standing company that changes the world. Stay focused, keep shipping, ignore the rest. It's not going to be easy but nothing that is worthwhile ever is.

i spent some time researching about sesame ai for contrary. they're such a new company it's tough to find much about them. but the good thing is i'll be one of the first as well. they just released an [open-source model](https://github.com/SesameAILabs/csm) today, the 1B CSM variant. there are so many tech companies today raising millions, some even billions. all that money poured into making AI smarter than us. or make AI replace us. i'm often oscillating between an optimistic and a bleak future. but i know i'm living in the best time ever, and it's better to feel excited than worry about something in the future that might not even happen.

went to the ferry building to catch up on all the blogs for the past 10 days. i need to find time for these again, a better way to capture my thoughts throughout the day. i'm missing out a lot of insights into myself and about the world. it's time to bring back thoughts dumping on apple notes. i wish there was a better way to capture and have it sync with my blog.
