---
title: 'research on hume.ai'
tags: 'AI, writing, design'
date: 'May 13, 2025'
---

> “My dear,  
> In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love.  
> In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile.  
> In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm.  
> I realized, through it all, that ...  
> In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.  
> And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back.
>
> Truly yours,
> Albert Camus”

spend most of the day trying to write a doc for contrary about why hume.ai matters. and i learned it's an incredibly tough thing to do. i ended up by [writing](https://benneo.notion.site/Will-Hume-ai-still-matter-in-2-3-years-1e4e5d677bb180f69d74d1ee9f52d98b?pvs=74) about the product, the competition, the technology moat being a multmodal emotional model, and a research team, market traction, and their GTM strategy, ending it with a future outlook and challenges.

i walked around kinokuniya and browsed through a few books, mostly design books

> Dieter Rams took up the mantle by detailing ten principles of good design, chiefly that it "emphasizes the usefulness of a product whilst disregarding anything that could possible detract from it
>
> A designer's role has always been to consider a need, a new way of doing things, an ingenious answer to an existing question.
>
> – "what is good design if not designing for good"

colors of the hokusai wave art

- pale aqua: `#81C7D4`,
- bright blue: `#0067C0`
- navy blue: `#0F2540`

and some info about miso

- what is it? soybean paste fermented with a fungus called koji (it existed before soy sauce!)
- benefits: "Miso ha isha irazu" (miso keeps the doctor away), it is good for gut flora and contains essential amino acids that nourishes body with quality proteins
- how to choose it?
  - choose non-GMO soybean
  - only soybeans, koji (wheat, rice, or soybean)
- what determines the taste?
  - proportion of koji and duration of fermentation
  - higher and shorter = milder taste
  - the lighter -> more sweet and fruity
  - the darker -> more salty and strong
- types of koji
  - black: pure soybean miso, special strong taste, low salt content
  - red: more salty than white miso, pronounced taste
  - brown: neutral taste, easiest to use
  - white: mildest and frutiest
