---
title: 'sf -> aus'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 13, 2025'
---

i did standup at W's apartment, i mustered up the courage to demo my trial app, but it was pretty unnecessary. nobody reacted besides E. ig i was too stiff and had no humor, and i didn't build a relationship with the people on my team. i need to stop being so shy.

my japanese food craving was still ongoing, and i got una-gyu don for lunch. after that i went out for a walk around valencia street. i went to dog-eared books and spent about 17 minutes in there perusing, before i left to stroll around and observe the fall leaves on display, and halloween decorations around the street. it soon started to drizzle, and i went to stonemill matcha to get an early dinner before i go to the airport. i order 30 min before they close, and finished my matcha while i waited. the rain grew heavier by the second. by the time my order was done, i had to brave it by sheltering under store fronts, protecting my hot and crusty pork katsu curry. i waited the longest i ever had for my waymo, taking up to 20 minutes. as i rushed home, i moved all the bags out of W's house and was ready to say goodbye once again. i then proceeded to make the dumbest move by leaving my food behind the locked door. once again, my lack of planning and memory backfires. i leave the curry for W as a parting gift i suppose.

i decide to have chicken pho at the airport, it was saltier than i imagined, and made me queesy. i also got the coconut tofu curry from proper food which i am obsessed with. for the flight home i watched office spaces, a classic movie as i've heard, and after watching, i fully agree and understand. and amazed how it's still so relevant today. like the sillicon valley show.

i had a lovely conversation with my driver, who came to austin 15 years ago. must've been a huge change for her. coming home i decided to unpack everything, and ended up sleeping at 4am.