---
title: 'so many papers'
tags: 'ML, work, resources'
date: 'Nov 13, 2024'
---

> “May what I do flow from me like a river, no forcing and no holding back, the way it is with children.”
> ― Rainer Maria Rilke

conversations with strangers are like a reset button. when you hang out with the same people and live a routine life, you don't step back and think about your journey, about who you are, about your goals and dreams. it's good to think about these things once in a while, not all the time because it's almost impossible to plan the future. but you can actively make the right choices, instill good habits, that can bring you to where you want to be.

dove deep into a paper on integrating bio-clinical features like demographics and genetic markers with 3dSwinUNET for personalized planning in glioblastoma. glioblastoma (GBM) is the most aggressive form of brain tumor, the medial survival is only 15-20 months, and even with a generous 2cm isotropic expansion around the gross tumor volume (GTV) for radiation therapy (RT) planning, up to 47% of patients experience tumor progression beyond the clinical target volume (CTV). the idea is that by leveraging multimodal bio-clinical-imaging features, we can capture unique biological behaviours of GBM that is undetectable on imaging, enabling more precise and patient-specific treatment volumes.

chatted with claude for an hour helped a lot. it's so great at answering questions it truly is a jetpack for your thoughts.

a few videos i plan to digest during my time during this practicum, before i graduate.

Karpathy's video on [building GPT](https://youtu.be/kCc8FmEb1nY?si=SQmlcr_ndhRnU5Dx)

and these three videos by Umar

- [transformers from scratch](https://youtu.be/ISNdQcPhsts?si=rrHj3AoNXqjKQkBw) ([explanation](https://youtu.be/bCz4OMemCcA?si=xCFBILGuGgBjSytQ))
- [vision LM from scratch](https://youtu.be/vAmKB7iPkWw?si=Lqm0tflleC_fhdtw)
- [llama 2 from scratch](https://youtu.be/oM4VmoabDAI?si=FsWHfh1j4aE4RXma) ([explanation](https://youtu.be/Mn_9W1nCFLo?si=Pj1NOAdHZHaMOG2z))

and wrapping it up with [distributed pytorch training](https://youtu.be/toUSzwR0EV8?si=IEGN6Cz1xKMxVU_v)

got so anxious before my meeting, i knew i wasn't fully prepared and had not completed the literature review, so I only had questions, no good ideas. i need to go through the papers more effectively, it's breadth first instead of depth first now. i need to prompt myself to only extract what i need from papers. i make the mistake of trying to understand everything. i need a summary template prompt for myself to fill in.

i find it incredibly hard to focus on classes now or other side hustles now. i have this work that i can devote 100% of my attention to. i tend to go all-in on something. i found my new obsession. the permission to dive into rabbit holes. i need to start writing code.
