---
title: 'ucsf orthopedics'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 14, 2025'
---

woke up 7am to the sound of T talking through my tenten. it's my first time waking up this early in months. had to munch on my breakfast and took a waymo, it was almost 7 bucks cheaper than uber, and 4 bucks cheaper than lyft, which is nice because i got to play kpop and call T in the car. waymo's are one of the few good things about sf.

got confused by the buildings, apparently each floor has a specific doctor in 1 shrader, and they act as it's own clinic. i was imagining a hospital with a receiption.

the hopsital looked like a place cut out of a friends scene. after signing some forms i went in and got interrogated with questions by the nurse, then an "asisstant/intern" person that was shadowing the doctor. the funniest thing is my pain was the least the day i visited the doctor, and even though he said i have issues as someone who is so young, with GERD and now my back, i _have_ to get checked out. so i was assigned mri, x-ray and pt. the standard for anyone with any injury. no questions asked.

after i got out, walked around USF and took some pictures. i missed class and i don't feel at all concerned, only guilty of my dad's money going down the drain.

rotted the rest of the day from waking up too early and the pessimism from the doctor. physical and mental wearing. did not get anything done at all. i even laid in bed with my laptop scrolling youtube shorts. i was at my lowest. i could just sleep but i wanted to numb my brain instead. i need to be stronger at delaying gratification.
