---
title: 'church, tables, chicken'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jul 15, 2024'
---

some bible verses from church

- Proverbs 30:8: "Give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread
- Luke 6:24-25: "But woe to you who are rich, for you have already received your comfort. Woe to you who are well fed now, for you will go hungry. Woe to you who laugh now, for you will mourn and weep."
- Proverbs 23:4-5 "Do not wear yourself out to get rich; do not trust your own cleverness. Cast but a glance at riches, and they are gone, for they will surely sprout wings and fly off to the sky like an eagle."

a few more verses from twitter about sorrow

Hebrews 12:11: No discipline seems to bring joy at the time, but only sorrow. Later, though, it produces fruit, the peaceful fruit of righteousness, for those who are trained by it.

Psalm 126: those who sow in tears will reap in joy

---

bought tables from a harvard cs student building a meal planning app: intent. tried it and it seems well built, lots of onboarding questions to personalize it for you.

went from shopping packaged chicken and salmon at Aldi's to fishing out dollars and coins from my pocket to shop in wet and chaotic chinese grocery stores where prices fluctuate based on the competition and the owners and shoppers yell in cantonese.

finally found chicken thighs in J&L Vegi Supermarket for 1.19/lbs. i think they're cheaper than Aldi, but less sanitary for sure. also more bones

---

thoughts from studying

Is comprehension speed innate or trained. can i train myself to absorb and understand faster? My brain seems to be slow. like i know i can be faster, or I have the memory of being faster, and i can feel something blocking me but i can't remove it. it's there, somewhere, lingering.

I wish i could sync apple notes with my blog so I don’t have to transfer these into vscode and commit and push.
