---
title: 'what is lust?'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Aug 14, 2025'
---

> Lust exists, it is powerful, and we must respect its power. The Bible rejoices in sex and sexual desire, but lust is an impersonal, inordinate desire and an idolatrous search for meaning. Lust can be overcome if you esteem Jesus as your bridegroom and the lover of your soul –
>
> – tim keller

meals:

- breakfast: mushy basmati + chicken
- lunch: flower child chicken + sweet potato + arugula + mushroom + quinoa
- dinner: protein shake + oats drink

notes:

- tim keller [podcast](https://gospelinlife.com/sermon/love-lust-and-liberation/) on lust
  > 27 "You have heard that it was said, 'You shall not commit adultery.' 28 But I tell you that anyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart. 29 If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. It is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to be thrown into hell. 30 And if your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. It is better for you to lose one part of your body than for your whole body to go into hell.
- sketching out on excalidraw helping me discover holes in my code, and feels good overall to take time to think and sketch, and not just prompt claude and gpt to code for me
- got paystubs but they did not exempt me from fica and missed 2 pay days, $1.7k deficit
- saw a tweet about these 99.9% blue light blocking glasses and bought it while brushing my teeth. they cost 38 dollars. i didn't even take a second to think.
- finally bought a sofa bed and rug on ikea. deciding that took a week. total comes up to ~620 after a 15% student discount. bought 19 items in total.

reflection:

- be a better communicator. learn to be mature. still trying to understand myself and why i am the person i am.

tomorrow: complete sketch + get data ready for matching

slept: 1:55 a.m.
