---
title: 'sanppo restaurant, japantown'
tags: 'life, SF, friends'
date: 'Dec 14, 2024'
---

> You cannot control anything. You cannot order or command everything. You cannot fix and repair everything. You cannot protect your children from pain and loss and tragedy and illness. You cannot be sure that you will always be married, let alone happily married. You cannot be sure you will always be employed, or healthy, or relatively sane. All you can do is face the world with quiet grace and hope you make a sliver of difference
>
> – Brian Doyle

kept facing cuda out of memory issues with the 6 RTX A6000 setup is not enough to fit jamba 1.5. tried huggingface transformers, and then the vllm package. that was most of my day.

B came up to sf to hang out. haven't seen him since the meta haidilao celebration. we had good conversations, caught up

B bought 20 dollar sho chiku bai nigori unfiltered sake, that costs only 5 at grocery stores. i've never seen restaurants hike up prices 4 times.

bought mere christianity at forest books. there are so many japanese books here.

used deeptalks in the bus with B. i'm thinking i should make this an app with cards, where you swipe left and right. left being skip, and right being answer. and if you decide to answer, there will be voice input that

thought about taking risks and making the right choices. and whether i'm living life the way i want it. and how there are some things that i can't control. it's always nice when two people are willing to be vulnerable and share thoughts.
