---
title: 'plan before acting'
tags: 'advice, ideas, life'
date: 'Aug 15, 2024'
---

> it is a common mistake for people to move directly from identifying a tough problem to a proposed solution ina nanosecond without spending the hours required to properly diagnose and design a solution
>
> – Dalio in _Principles_

before acting, take time to think and plan. ask questions like:

- what am I trying to achieve here?
- why am I trying to achieve it?
- how will I know I'm successful?
- when do I want this to be complete?
- how much time do I estimate this will take?
- what's my budget in time and money for this?
- what are the most likely pitfalls?
- what key advantages can I build for myself early?
- what scares me the most that would make me unlikely to finish?
- how good am I at achieving and finishing things like this in the past?
- when will I check in and see how it's going on way-points?
- who can help me stay on track with this?
- what other types of allies, friends, and support do I need?
- if I hit major setbacks, what will I do?
- under what circumstances would I quit, abandon, or change this plan?
- how much effort and time do I want to make under this plan before reviewing and considering changing it?

[source](https://x.com/kpaxs/status/1808341274996445445)

---

networking tips

- get their contact and details, say "i would love to stay in touch, whats the best for you? do you do X?"
- pump yourself up before events, force yourself to go
- be good at yapping at networking event because no one will come talk to you
- the mission is to get to know one person
- ask these questions
  - what brings you here?
  - who do you know?
  - what are you excited about these days
  - what are you focused on these days
  - what is the dream?

---

everything is repeating again and again. the day ends, and the same one starts tomorrow. the novelty of sf is wearing off. the excitement. the drive and the passion. i'm being worn down by school and the pressure to succeed, by money, or the lack thereof, and by tiny little disappointments. i'm missing something, a group of other ambitious individuals, people that can bring me back to the ground when i drift away, when i lose sight of the goal. i can't give in to the humdrum of my daily routine. the routine is what helps me achieve what i need. i reap what i sow. i put in the effort, and it's not always exciting. i have to do the grunt work. it's not supposed to be easy. you do it because it's hard. i need people in my life to remind me of what is possible, of the dream that i have, the drive that brought me back to sf again.
