---
title: 'wifi, miso, stats'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jul 16, 2024'
---

got Wi-Fi today. cooked miso soup for the first time here. glass containers are here. small round plastic containers for nuts and cooking condiments are here. our trader joe's grocery bags are here. one step at a time. I want to start building. I want to make full use of my time here in SF. I want to meet people, learn from them and start building something useful, something valuable. I wanna get into SPC and YC. I want the O1 visa.

I want to work on fun side projects that get me out of bed, fired up, coding it non-stop. I don't want to be stressed out about quizzes or exams. I wanna be stressed out about whether I can get users, whether I have PMF, whether I'm working on the right idea. I don't wanna stress out about a few points that I lose on a quiz and whether my grades will be good enough. I don't want to be taking classes for the sake of classes. I want to learn for the sake of learning, to see my classes as an opportunity to go back to the basics to make sure I have the fundamentals and not as boring and tedious requirements that have no value to my future because I can just use ChatGPT to do most of the things in the future. I want to enjoy my time as a student after this is just gonna be work, I want to learn to live a little, and not be bogged down on the tiny details, optimizing towards the wrong thing, playing the wrong games.

It's hard to bring myself to study in SF because it to me was always a place of experimentation, of building, of excitement and creation. And these classes require me to go into the zone of doing a lot of practices that I feel like don't add value. But one thing about these exams is it made me realize that my flow of thinking is really flawed. I reach for the simpler and erroneous solutions really quickly and I don't spend time thinking through a problem. My brain is lazy. So I guess there's actually value in these quiz and exams. It makes me spend more time thinking about making sure that I learn how to notice patterns, how to apply prior knowledge onto a new problem and how to be more accurate and specific in my logic and thinking so I just have to work harder in terms of understanding and applying.

I really like it when I get DM's from people on Twitter I think one of the joys of my life is when I have messages from internet strangers, people who I've never met and probably will never meet in real life. I like building an audience. I like to have a public presence, running experiments and creating artifacts. I like to provide value through writing or through code. But I still have so much to learn. I have a long way to go. I still don't know what I want, but I guess there's no rush to figure that out.
