---
title: 'chatgpt search'
tags: 'AI, tech, ideas'
date: 'Dec 16, 2024'
---

tried to build building an exa + claude engineer tool that can help me scrape grad school program information but it just was not working. in the end chatgpt search worked the best, the same day it was released.

another ucsf meeting, there is a stark contrast between the one with my alumnis and with the PhD student, one is harder to follow than the other. they just seem to get things, tacit knowledge that i have not discovered yet. i should just be brave enough to say "i don't know what's going on, can you guys please slow down and explain what is X Y and Z" more often. i just do my best to write notes about what i can capture, and if i do need it later, ask for clarification, so this will not affect the flow of the meeting.

i learned that you can run `git clone` on a hugging face url, and use [gptqmodel](https://github.com/ModelCloud/GPTQModel) or [autoawq](https://github.com/casper-hansen/AutoAWQ) to quantize models, and how to serve models with vllm. I was using the package before and kept clauding to get it to work the entire day, but all it took was 5 minutes from B to tell me how he does it. i need to ask for help more.

watched gladiator 2 because gladiator was good. didn't watch the whole thing, but i like how the gladiator arena is more advanced and flashy. and how it tries to further develop the plot from the last movie, with the same actors.

finished shogun with T. i really liked this series. can't wait for s2. the japanese dude that appears in every japanese movie has an aura that is addicting to watch. and blackthorne's confused face in every scene is entertaining.

watched cap america civil war at night because i just felt the urge to. definitely one of the top marvel movies.

lots of movie watching lately, i've stayed home for 2 days straight, i need to get out tomorrow.
