---
title: 'stats quiz, scale ai'
tags: 'statistics, work, learning'
date: 'Jul 18, 2024'
---

- quiz
  - Spent 45 minutes reviewing and checking answers repeatedly
  - questions i keep asking myself:
    - Where could I have made a mistake in this question?
    - Is this answer actually correct?
    - Could it be a different answer?
    - Can this answer be verified?
  - i need to view quizzes and exams in a different way to make it less pressuring, i also need to study more efficiently
- Notes from Experiments Book
  - Psychology vs. Economics Rules
    - should your experiment be psychological or economical?
    - psych: Difficulty navigating a website on first try = design flaw
    - econ: Wait until several interactions to decide if new design is easy or hard. the small blip of users leaving initially is inconsequential
  - Heuristics
    - Availability heuristics: Assessing frequency or probability based on readily available memory.
    - Representativeness heuristics: Making judgments based on previously formed stereotypes.
  - Framing
    - Gain frame vs. loss frame.
    - Risk averse vs. risk seeking.
  - Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL)
    - Randomized control trials for effective evaluations of development policies.
    - Example: Does giving new textbooks to schools in Kenya improve educational outcomes?
    - Cross-sectional correlation can be misleading (e.g., schools with textbooks may have access to good teachers and better parents).
  - Investing in Student Health and Facilities
    - Reduce poverty by ensuring policy is informed by scientific evidence, primarily through field experiments.
  - importance of policy making
    - Organ donation: Only one third of people get organs out of 100k; this policy issue is a matter of life and death.
- Scale AI
  - Spacious and modern office at 650 Townsend, 600k sq ft.
  - Hoping to see Alexandr; crazy that he started the company at a young age (19?).
  - Feeling too insecure to talk to anyone there.
- Tesla
  - Realizing past work was messy and incoherent.
  - Need to structure a story for interviews.
