---
title: 'marina green & the commons'
tags: 'journal, work'
date: 'Aug 18, 2024'
---

got to meet ava and her fluffy dogs and her readers. so surreal to see her in the flesh. met other interesting people. need to get better at being responsive and curious and yap more and how to move between circles and inject myself into existing conversation bubbles. marina green is a nice place. the white and yellow daisies. the wind and the fog. i can see alcatraz from here. i also got to visit the commons for the first time. i've been wanting to see it since last summer. they had a tasteful collection of books. met a canadian crypto startup cto that was my age that already has an O1 and is managing engineers. i need to push myself. the bar has once again been raised. there is no ceiling.

---

from the psychology of your 20s pod, what is true success?

true success comes down to feeling purposeful, feeling aligned with a mission, feeling aligned with a value, and genuinely enjoying what you're doing, sinking your teeth into life, into what you really love and what sets you alight, regardless of what other people are thinking

erase the traditional idea of success as as something done for others, to be praised by others, or something that has an image to it.

success should be something that only you care about, that only you truly know the meaning of and truly love.

what should your 20s be filled with?

experimentation, trying new things and searching for the things that give you meaning in life. running towards fear. taking things less seriously. celebrating mistakes. having fun. pursuing community, self-knowledge, discovery.

focus on three things

- self knowledge / strong sense of self
  - get clear where your natural internal compass leads you
  - are you squeezing into a box that your soul doesnt fit?
  - getting to that realization quicker, means getting clearer on what actually inspires you
  - ask: what would you do if no one was watching or no one cared about what you were doing, and what you genuinely derive joy from beyond your career
- strong relationships
  - "show me someones friends and ill tell you how rich they are, not rich in wealth, but rich in connection, intimacy, vulnerability"
  - there is no success without community. who else would you share your successes with?
  - you can only grow as far as your friendships allow you to.
  - put time and energy and effort into your friendships, see that as a mark of success
- learning through experience and failure
  - adapt and go lightly through life
  - each setback teaches resilience
  - adapting from that builds confidence
  - you learn nothing from success

think about gives you joy. focus your energy on that. do work that you love. as Steve says:

> "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking."

don't be consumed by doing what you think ought to be done, to satisfy your parents desires or societal expectations, and wake up one day when you're 30, 35, 40 feeling like you never truly lived for yourself.

---
