---
title: 'k fry chicken'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Nov 18, 2024'
---

> "This day will never come again and anyone who fails to eat and drink and taste and smell it will never have it offered to him again in all eternity. The sun will never shine as it does today...You must play your part and sing a song, one of your best." – Hermann Hesse

prep for meeting the entire morning. ended up not having the chance to report my findings. but i'm glad i overprepared.

meeting more people in the team, i have my first defined task, i can finally touch the code. i get to operate at the limits of my abilities in this team, swimming in the unknown feels overwhelming, but it will be rewarding in the end.

whole foods shopping on california st. we spent so much time in grocery stores during these 3 weeks. i'm worried about my credit card bills now. bought salt and lime chickpea chips that tasted super weird at first, but got better afterwards.

finishing homework due tomorrow at the hotel. family fued playing on the tv. hard to focus on anything with the tv, they're such loud distractors. numbing my brain. got lethargic again at this time.

doordash'ed k fry chicken from aria korean street food in larkin st. friend chicken was good, but the bulgogi was too sweet and the jalapeno's were too spicy. soy and garlic sauce was basically sugar.

last night with family here. hotel des art has become a meaningful place where i got to spend some time with my family. it's going to be weird going back to before again, but eventually i'll get used to it, human beings adapt to change quickly.
