---
title: 'memento'
tags: 'programming, ideas, productivity'
date: 'Dec 18, 2024'
---

had ucsf meeting in the morning. straight after that was building memento from 1pm till 1am.

took inspiration from an apple journal pic i found on cosmos.

the idea was using pictures you take everyday as a starting point to journaling, and if you don't take pictures, then maybe it's time to get started, (or it can be a picture you saved online during the day), any form of medium that helps you recap what happened in your day. then, claude will extract some info about what your picture contains, and cerebras starts to prompt you to start journaling. and as you type, cerebras will instantly respond to you with new prompts and thoughtful questions.

ideas in my head were flowing around, marinating the past few days, and to be on time for the submission, i couldn't help but work on it the entire day.

here's an [article](https://benneo.notion.site/Memento-153e5d677bb1807e91eac9c255cc7539?pvs=74) to learn more.

and try it out [here](https://writememento.vercel.app)

i'm still capped in my imagination and craft, i'm heavily inspired by [amelia wattenberger](https://wattenberger.com) and her tools for thought.

i like building a lot, but i never take my projects far, they never escape the mvp phases. if i want to be serious about this, i need to commit to them longer, working on them day by day for a year, and only then will i truly make something great.

for now i'm just glad i have the privilege to code an app for the entire day without any other huge responsibility. i'm free to do almost anything i want, and i have to make sure it counts. i only have this life. memento mori.
