---
title: 'apple battery'
tags: 'life, people, ideas'
date: 'Jul 19, 2025'
---

> More people should create things to proliferate an aesthetic into our future, not just to solve problems. This is the quality that every artist and engineer I respect shares most universally. Without this, you are doomed to churning out slop.
>
> What values do you create to spread? What image do you dream about? What is the feeling of a tomorrow you want to give form to? Have a position. Stand for something. Don't just create value.
>
> Read and consume voraciously and spend time with people who have very sharp points of view. especially read old stuff, because then the tactical things will fall away revealing the underlying principles and human motivations
>
> linus on Twitter

met up with J for lunch at hinodeya near my apartment. we talked about his apple internship, and about the startup i might be joining. i also went to replace my apple battery. i paid 96 dollars for it in total. it took about 2 and a half hours, so in the mean time we went to macy's to walk around. there's nothing here anymore. it's boring walking around malls. union square however is a nice place, people are playing chess and ping pong here, and sit down to chat. it reminds me of europe. i went back to my place to catch my haircut appointment at 4:45 pm. i said i wanted a haircut that was nice for a presentation. she cut my hair much shorter against this time. i looked like i'm back in high school.

it's nice to catch up with people from your past. i rarely slow down and think about where i've come from. life can only be lived forward. but it's good to look back and appreciate the people that helped you along the way, and make time to thank them and reach out.
