---
title: 'costco + ippudo'
tags: 'life, startup, advice'
date: 'Jul 19, 2024'
---

> Psalm 118:24: "This is the day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it"

- K indie artists: ALEPH, Black skirts, 10cm, dasutt, 92914, 1415
- my plant with the pink edges is called a peperonia jelly plant
- watched [I Was An MIT Educated Neurosurgeon Now I'm Unemployed And Alone In The Mountains How Did I Get Here?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25LUF8GmbFU)
  - a hospital's goal is to make money, so they convince you of treatments (surgery, meds) that don't address the underlying issue.
  - he found common factors of people who healed: had healthy diets (low salt diet) (plant based), sweat and exercised, went to saunas. avoid smoking and overdrinking. had a meaningful community. good sleep. low stress
- opt-in vs opt-out for organ donation, people are less likely to opt-out because of status quo bias, default, choice architect, nudging human behaviour in policy making and experiments.
- I'm a costco member now
- so nice to meet up with old friends in sf and walk around in SF to continue conversations
- was in the most chaotic and messy mcd in my life at Market St, there were homeless, normies, 4 kids with bikes, i was leaning against the wall listening to clario and I felt so estranged, sf can really make you feel alone if you're not with other similar people, and it's unnerving being out alone at night.

---

Notes from Max Greenwald of Warmly (Deep End ODF [episode](https://ideas.beondeck.com/lessons-from-the-journey-to-building-a-product-customers-want-with-max-greenwald-of-warmly/))

the Early founder Bermuda triangle

- idea and vision
- Cofounder
- Money

When things get hard, you will fall back on doing things that feel accomplishable

Which sounds more fun?

Building the new feature than you can finish by tomorrow morning or pounding the pavement for hours on linkedin setting up user research where people will tell you why they hate your idea

Be aware of things that gives you energy and makes you feel accomplished and push away from them when you find yourself trending towards them when the going gets tough.
