---
title: 'super blue moon'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Aug 19, 2024'
---

> [just enjoy it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eiVKFfSvhs)

a few thoughts in my head.

on work: i always spend more time than i plan when working on things. i also get easily distracted and fall into rabbit holes on twitter. how to be more intentional with focus hours, and be more disciplined at taking breaks. when entering flow, when is the right time to break out? when is it diminishing returns?

on success + finances: when will it ever be enough? is it normal to never feel enough? how to gain more financial literacy? how to invest well and know what to invest in? how to start compounding? how to raise kids to have financial literacy? how to give back to parents?

on goals and meaning: having a clearer picture of what to build and side projects to work on gave me more meaning and purpose. now it's all about managing time and emotions for working on those projects, learning to say, making sacrifices, and putting in the work. its so easy to have ideas, so hard to act on them. i need to finish things.

ina coolbrith park for a good view of sf, saw the super blue moon. it wasn't super nor was it blue. but it was bright. walking in SF at 10 p.m. is better than i thought. there are ice cream shops and bars still open. chinatown is quiet. the lanterns still lit up but the streets are empty.

---

how to find the right idea to build?

- follow the energy, if you wake up and feel like hacking on something, and you're doing some research about it, thats a good sign
- its not high energy every moment of the day, but it should be at least asymptotically increasing, you're thinking about it more than less, like a mind virus that you cant get rid of
- you dont have all the answers, you dont know if theres a market, but you find yourself wanting to build. that builder energy can come bubbling out, thats a good sign you should spend time on that, keep pulling that thread until it exhausts

there are two things that have infinite capacity to keep going or capacity to keep infinite energy

- the stars
- experts telling you why you cannot do what you want to do

thats when you double down and prove them wrong

"pessimists sound smart, optimists make interesting things" – [nat](https://nat.org/) friedman
