---
title: 'eth global sf day 2'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 19, 2024'
---

took photos around palace of fine arts. kept wishing i had a wider lens for larger objects like the palace. you can only do so much with a 23mm f/2 lens that can't zoom, it is still "brutally simple and highly effective" though.

got to the hackathon at 1 p.m., had fried chicken and fries for breakfast, talked a bit more about the idea

decided to go back home to hack on the idea for better internet connection.

spent most of the day learning about [smart contracts](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/), getting confused by [phala](https://phala.network/) docs, and figuring out how to write [lit actions](https://developer.litprotocol.com/sdk/serverless-signing/overview)

dinner was roasted duck curry from Osha Thai BBQ. will attempt to cook it one day.

took in so much information today, both in the AI and in crypto world. this was the kind of idea that requires intuitive understanding of transformers, honored to be teamed with J for this hack. to think that all this won't happen if i never replied to a twitter post about a malaysian independence party. i should post more stuff on the internet. i've been getting contracts and meeting requests for my hackathon projects lately, the things we do today have returns in the future. especially the things that we do out of interest and curiosity, not by obligation or envy.

everyone was at their limits at 2 a.m., had to figure out a way to hack everything together, recorded demo at 3 a.m., ai generated documentation, submitted at 3:30, slept at 4.
