---
title: 'angel island'
tags: 'travel, hiking, SF'
date: 'Jan 20, 2025'
---

H came over my place and we had a nice conversation about work and religion and travel. got lunch at gourmet kitchen, and went to the ferry building first to catch the 13:55 pm ferry. arrived 15 mins prior near gate B, sat at one of the tables to eat. 16 bucks for all this, we couldn't even finish it. ferry was $9.50 to ride. sat inside at one of the seats with tables, looking out at the spotty windows.

we arrived at 14:25. recommended by an employee at the ferry to hike up mt. livermore 768ft, and to take the express trail up. the hike started easy, then it got steeper, and then it got warmer, and it became drier, and somehow we got up to the peak at 15:27. took some photos, appreciated the 360 view of SF. the weather was perfect. the skies were clear. it couldn't get better than this, maybe a sunset and pink skies, but it was already more than we expected and asked for.

went down at 15:45, reached the bottom at 16:31. i felt a lot more tired than yosemite. being injured and not moving around much for 2 weeks has a strong effect.

saw a coyote at the picnic area. the sunset on the ferry ride home was unreal. the sun was setting right on golden gate. wished T was here. but glad to have good company still. played ping pong and shuffleboard at transamerica park. had 5 spice chicken w rice at Sai's for $20.

finished watching catch me if you can with T. worked on the chinatown hackathon website. it's the end of my winter intersession, tomorrow is the start of school again, and it'll keep going until i graduate.
