---
title: long distance
tags: journal
date: 'Jan 20, 2026'
---

resolved a ton of comments on my PR and i'm finally close to getting a better version of CT out.

long distance date ideas, source: Twitter

1. watch a horror movie (for funny reactions) on teleparty  
2. play an online game together (it takes two is fun)  
3. cook the same meal and have an at home dinner date  
4. send each other surprise food deliveries  
5. read a book together and talk about it every week  
6. virtual workout session at home  
7. create a shared playlist together  
8. make vision boards together  
9. do a personality test together  
10. plan what dates you want to have once you see each other again  
11. virtual house hunting to imagine your dream home  
12. send voice notes and vlogs instead of text  
13. write each other real letters and mail them  
14. make a shared photo album for different things (meals, travels, pictures together)  
15. make a shared life bucket list  
16. build something collaborative online (website, notion page, a cool app?)  
17. play minecraft and explore the world and build your dream house  
18. meditate and journal in silence but in each other’s presence  
19. play we’re not really strangers online  
20. go on facetime dates (might drain your battery though!)


---

mood: 2/5

wake: 10:30
sleep: 3:00

meals:
- breakfast: pumpkin seed, yoghurt cumin biscuits
- lunch: gimbap
- dinner: salmon chicken, mother earth bowl

grateful for: salmon

links:

- [Robin Hanson - Write To Say Stuff Worth Knowing](https://www.overcomingbias.com/p/write-to-say-stuff-worth-knowinghtml)
