---
title: 'presidio bowling'
tags: 'friends, life, fear'
date: 'Dec 20, 2024'
---

> "What is difficult is to advance into unknown lands, to be aware of the danger, to take risks, to be afraid."
> – Jean-Luc Godard

most of the morning was a blur. i remember napping for 2 hours. rushed to adrian's house to get to w's bowling party. lyft ended up taking 20 minutes longer to get to us, and kept taking the wrong turns, and we ended up getting there close to 6.

being in presidio bowling feels like traveling back in time. if they never had the big screens, it would feel like the 00s. got to have red wine called angeline, and shot a few shots. i kept getting spares only. my right hip was starting to hurt. but i didn't think much about it.

went back in another waymo. spent some time in adrian's place. played his guitar for a bit, i still remember the basic chords. guitar is harder than piano for me, you had to press on the right strings, it's so rigid. piano is softer, you can have more range. and it involves both hands, it's not just one hand doing all the action (strumming).

watched a few movie trailers and song covers. shared our favorite songs with good lyrics. it's a good bonding session.

standing up, and walking home down the hill, i started to experience pain, pain that just kept getting worse till the night. it felt like fire in my bones. i took a tylenol but it didn't help much. i slept around 3 am, hoping the pain will just melt away, like nothing happened, but also slightly afraid i wasn't going to wake up again because of the pain. and i felt the fear of death. and i prayed.
