---
title: 'poster handouts'
tags: 'programming, life, people'
date: 'Feb 21, 2025'
---

woke up with the same throat pain. i had to skip both distributed and seminar series because i still felt unwell. i took this opportunity to continue working on [scribesystem](https://scribesystem.vercel.app). initially, i used cerebras to rewrite the entire text, which wasn't the most efficient approach. But that helped avoid the text position calculation bug that i was facing by trying to recreate grammarly.

i went to Galileo Academy of Science and Technology to promote chinatown hacks. being inside a high school is like being in a movie scene. i got in to the main office, dropped a few dozen posters for the college counselors, and went out to ask a few students as they all flocked home. i started to worry that this might not be legal, and the students were also all gone at this point. i walked back home and stopped by at sfpl north beach and city lights to drop off posters. first thing i did after getting home was finish scribesystem. i need to fix rewrite endpoint. i realize i could just click on each suggestion to replace the exact text that is matched. i rushed to deploy something i was satisfied before i went to meet up with E to go indonesian church

talking to someone new is fun, especially after spending time with only people you already know, it brings out certain conversations and topics that hasn't come up for a while, and reminds you to reflect on who you are as a person, and where you are now, and whether you're happy about it or not. pemuda today was only skit practices, and no talks or sharing.

after practice and we got home, i finished making scribesystem till 1 a.m.; also spent some time rotting on youtube shorts. somehow i'm addicted to them again. these bad habits form so naturally. i have to cut them away somehow.
