---
title: 'sf systems'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Aug 21, 2024'
---

wore a suit for picture day. wearing formal clothing in SF feels weird. grinded through data acquisition homework in class, cooked my free beyond meat and sweet potatoes from the ymca. went to chroma's office for SF systems 1st meetup, learned about TiDB, alluxio, and ray core and ray data. seems like distributed data processing is a necessity at any large company. how can beginners pick up this skill if they all start with just pandas, local memory, and training models on a single core? speaking of this i need to start training models. i can't call myself a data scientist or an ml person if i haven't trained any models. it's pathetic.

went to costco, bought salmon, berries, almond and nut butter, kiwis, tried their 1.5 hot dogs. air fried my chicken thighs for meal prep. ate pork belly from costco at 11pm. watched a bunch of cinema therapy videos while finishing hw 3.

today was busy, but fulfilling. i didn't get much work done on my own things though. spent too much time trying to finish homework and going to events and commuting, i can't devote time to my other tasks if i have these homeworks to finish.

it's almost 2 a.m. i don't know where the time went. i'm surprisingly not tired.

---

happiness formula from Scott Adams in his book that i read at the commons

- eat right
- exercise
- get enough sleep
- imagine an incredible future (even if you dont believe it)
- work toward a flexible schedule
- do things you can steadily improve at
- help others (if youve already helped yourself)
- reduce daily decisions to routine
