---
title: 'google + ollama'
tags: 'learning, tech, AI'
date: 'Aug 22, 2024'
---

> Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders
>
> – "Beyond Good and Evil", part VII ("Our Virtues"), aphorism 217.

> Sometimes remembering things, be it good or bad, can leave you in a state of unhappiness. Spending too much time in your memory can leave you longing for the past, analyzing the past, not letting past things go, or regretting the past. Forgetfulness, many times, makes for a more lighthearted and simple way to experience the world.

---

the best way to get a job imo is just twitter, learn in public, open source, and doing side projects, if you do interesting things, interesting people come to you. you could also cold email and dm people on twitter to maximize your chances. going through the job pipeline is just the normie way that makes your life difficult. out of hundreds of other applicants who are statistically more likely to be better than you, chances are so slim for you to get a callback, not to mention the job in the end. but the "best" way is also the hard way, it takes effort and dedication and time and passion to pursue that, if you're naturally a builder and you can write well and you post, you're in luck.

linear regression proofs are so tedious. requires high working memory and a clear mind. the exams for this class is going to be a pain. i can imagine myself putting in so many hours for this. hours that could go into building and creating. i wonder if training my brain to perform these tasks can help in other areas, i.e. in understanding deep learning. i suppose it will, it builds a mathematical mindset, to not let concepts slip away without proving them from scratch. it enforces understanding on a more fundamental level, if you break it down, and pinpoint the few moving parts that make up the whole system, you will attain understanding that is harder to falsify.

went to google 55 spear street for an ollama event. the demos were just marketing. nothing too interesting. the one on gemma models + crewai + ollama was slightly interesting. [paligemma](https://ai.google.dev/gemma/docs/paligemma) and [gemma scope](https://ai.google.dev/gemma/docs/gemma_scope) are things worth looking into.

context switching from assignments, to the arc challenge, to the interact application, to some youtube videos, to the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind movie, to wishing i could read the dozens of book from sfpl, to this blog, to the time series grind for kevala, is probably a bad idea and i should just sleep. classic case of sleep procrastination. i' going to too many events, need to prioritize my time and say no to some of the events. the ROI of both technical knowledge and connections are not high enough. exposure to new things is great tho, talking to people there is 10x more valuable than the talks.
