---
title: 'austin emergency center'
tags: 'journal, health'
date: 'Oct 23, 2025'
---

i started out my day rushing to a waymo to get to work, i always order it before i'm ready, so that i get ready faster. my left hip already hurting slightly as i go down the stairs.

i arrived just before standup and after that, continued working.

i went downstairs to flowerchild to get my lunch.

my leg is flaring slightly again, i try to stretch out the pain and brush it off.

after more hours of working, i went to the gym, and did a bunch of exercises, one of them was hanging on the bar, and doing some pullups. i could hear my back crack. it felt satisfying.

my leg starts to feel weird, slowly, then suddenly.

it was still bearable, so i iced it constantly, and when it got too painful, i took a meloxicam, and hoped that would be the cure. 

i had some food with it, so i won't be able to sleep for a few hours, so i kept working.

sitting on my desk, it felt better. i thought it was just like last time. one meloxicam and i'm good to go.

but when i went to bed around 3, the pain started to come back. and when i twist to get on, i felt like i was stabbed, the inflammation was at its peak. it was so bad i could barely walk or bend down. i sat on my sofa bed thinking about my action plan.

it is 3:30 a.m. what can i do. i can't sleep, the pain is unbearable, and i'm also dead exhausted.

thinking about my seattle trip, i caved. after some openevidence queries and chatgpt questions for cost to go to ER with my insurance doc attached, i decided a 500 copay was not too bad.

i first tried for an uber assist vehicle, but they rejected me for not having a wheelchair. next i got a lady, and i didn't want that awkward interaction. so i had no choice but to get a waymo. what usually takes 2 minutes for me to rush down, took me 10x longer. i had to take minutely small baby steps. with every step, my hip was screaming, the pain was visceral. T was on the phone with me and she accompanied me the entire time, which helped calm me down.

i got to within the vicinity of the waymo, and while i was so close to salvation, my hip called it quits. i stood frozen, i called the waymo support to help move it closer to the junction. the lady who got on the line said she has no remote control access. bummer. i picked up what was left of my strength to get closer to the waymo, inch by inch, literally. she starts saying that she can see me through the camera, and felt sorry for me. i thought it was a funny interaction.

the ER was only 5 minutes away, which was convenient. i got there, filled up some forms, and faced two nurses, one who took my vitals, and another male who was the meanest and coldest nurse i've met in my life. i don't know what he was going through in his life, but if he's like that on a normal day, he does not deserve to be a nurse. a person with his attitude should not work in the service industry. i felt so invalidated and uncared for. he was worse than an ai. because of that interaction with him, i would rather choose to talk to an AI, if all he wants to do is document things.

the doctor was a different breed, a complete opposite person. he was attentive, showed empathy and care, and did all the right things. he eased my heart.

i got a steroid injection, a muscle relaxant, and some prescriptions and a $350 bill. could've been worse.

i got on another waymo home, and on the way thought about how i'm lucky to have the ability to seek healthcare within a matter of minutes.

i got home, took another shower, and slept at 6 a.m.

i have since learned to NEVER do any leg workouts until i get through all my pt sessions. my glutes need strengthening, and i do not want another experience like this again.