---
title: 'statquest in usf'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 24, 2025'
---

woke up 7 something to talk to second author of jinav3 paper. then talked to J, which was also second author of jinav2 paper. i took away a lot from them. they have so many insights from working directly with the model. revelations and learnings that you don't get from reading the paper. i'm grateful for being able to just cold email and talk to someone. without this research, i also won't get the creds to do so. this research has driven me to really seek more knowledge and ask the deeper question.

statquest came to talk for seminar. fun to watch and hear him live, it's like a youtube video but in real life. he's an entertaining and honest character, you won't get bored hearing him. i love hearing him answer questions, it's something i have to improve on, being able to take a question, and answer it with honesty, and a sense of humor, yet still communicating useful and valuable information, it takes years of experience to do that.

went to chinatown library to blog but ended up writing the email about my research. the email had a tone of surrendering to this research task. at this point, i was ready to drop it and call it a day.

napped an hour to recurperate. played nosferatu in the background, it's pretty boring, some of the graphics are gnarly and gratuitous, but i liked the voicing of nosferatu and the visual elements. you can see the stark difference in film and editing styles bewteen the one decades ago, and the one today.

seeing some glimpse of hope with text-matching and random forest. they just might be my saving grace.

i've taken so many notes in my notion. the daily notes is such a great practice. everyone should do this everyday. in their professional and personal life, keep track of your failures and wins, moments you felt embarassed or afraid, moments you felt secure and comfortable. it's important to document your life. how else do you know you're truly living?
