---
title: 'pathless path'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Apr 25, 2025'
---

i got 33 comments on my sesame ai draft, and i felt embarrased again getting so many comments on simple mistakes on my writing. after finishing revising sesame ai draft, i started working on hume.ai next. my dream job is their AI engineer + writer role. but first i have to build my [technical writing](https://hamel.dev/blog/posts/audience/) skills and improve docs on hume.ai

watched this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0I0Qj67EKw) by Matt Huang on his [Q1 life updated](https://mattsmusings.substack.com/p/q1-results) and i discovered a few nuggets of wisdom.

> The real measure of our wealth is how much we'd be worth if we lost all our money.
>
> – Benjamin Jowett

The 5 Types of Wealth by Sahil Bloom

> Financial Wealth: The Obvious One. Sure, financial wealth is important.
> Social Wealth: Your Relationships. No one succeeds alone.
> Physical Wealth: Health is the Foundation.
> Mental Wealth: Knowledge and Peace of Mind.
> Time Wealth: Freedom is Priceless

and this quote from the pathless path

> On the pathless path, the goal is not to find a job, make money, build a business, or achieve any other metric. It’s to actively and consciously search for the work that you want to keep doing. This is one of the most important secrets of the pathless path. With this approach, it doesn’t make sense to chase any financial opportunity if you can’t be sure that you will like the work. What does make sense is experimenting with different kinds of work, and once you find something worth doing, working backward to build a life around being able to keep doing it.”
>
> ― Paul Millerd, The Pathless Path: Imagining a New Story For Work and Life
