---
title: 'sf -> sea'
tags: 'journal, flight'
date: 'Oct 25, 2025'
---

meals:

- breakfast: dumplings from kbop
- lunch: chicken, carrots, edamame, garbanzo beans, grains, pumpkin seed, soy ginger sauce from mad greens
- dinner: hotpot

i woke up worried my leg would scream at me, but it was better. i cautiously did some clamshells and bridges, worried one wrong position and i'll regress back into an old man

i took my esomeprazole and went to work on my pipeline. after some dumplings i kept working until 12 and my heart jumped when i saw i had only 40 mins to board and i had not packed yet. i rushed to my closet, dumped some clothes, and all my medications, and ordered a priority pickup lyft.

the ride was predicted to be 18 minutes, and my flight was boarding in 20 minutes, at 12:51 pm. i was anxious but i told myself everything will be fine. i got there with 3 minutes to board, and thankfully the security check was swift. i started out on gate 5 and i had to walk all the way to gate 32, and get lunch in the middle. i got to my gate at 13:06, and they just finished boarding my group.

i really cut it close this time. i got on the plane, and realized i forgot the one medicine that would help me the most, which was my steroids.

but no worries, i should be able to survive. in the plane i worked.

post arrival at the airport, the seattle airport

the rest of the night was the windiest and coldest i've ever experienced in a long time, the last time was winter in iowa. seattle gave me a warm welcome.

we had hotpot with T's friends. it was nice to spend time around people that are not in tech, it's refreshing to step outside of the bubble.