---
title: 'boiling point + boardgames'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jul 26, 2024'
---

- city super sells Romania mango 1.5 each and kiwi 1.25 each
- hydrogen peroxide + dish soap + baking soda to clean glass stovetops
- i wanted to do the proper thing and return my air fryer, but UPS was going to charge me 21 bucks just to package a 38 dollar air fryer. I had no choice but to ask for a refund without return. I really tried.
- Boiling point beef mild spicy really killed me
- Meeting friend groups of friends is cool
- I wonder who my friend group in SF will be? I should enjoy school and try to talk to everyone there
- Its hard to escape my own conformable bubble, but I realize there’s no point for this program if I don’t talk to people enough
- I have actually 0 social skills, it’s a jarring realization. I have no stories to tell, no witty comments, no come backs, no reactions, nothing. My years of not socializing and being home mostly and not hanging out with a big group is so apparent
- Secret hitler is a fun game, i can be a liberal but NEVER the bad guy. The bad guy cannot be quiet, it’s too suspicious
- president = big 2 = chou dai di
- I downed straight gin and it’s bad, my throat was burning
- I ate spicy hotpot that made my mouth burn, drank alcohol and sugar drinks, and slept super late at 3am. I am so worried about my skin. Please go easy on me. Forgive me for trying to live a little
- It sucks to be the only one in school while everyone in your friend group is working. I need more school friends.
