---
title: 'divine discontent'
tags: 'journal, writing, ideas'
date: 'Dec 26, 2024'
---

> Do a lot of work — do a huge volume of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week, or every month, you know you’re going to finish one story. Because it’s only by actually going through a volume of work that you are actually going to catch up and close that gap. And the work you’re making will be as good as your ambitions
>
> – Ira Glass

air fried the perfect piece of salmon today. first dry it and season with buttery steakhouse seasoning by kinders. place the sheet in the fryer, add olive oil, and cover the salmon with it. flip it around a few times. set it at 280 F for 25 minutes. mix that with red and white rice, which provides the nutty and coconut flavor, and pair that with kimchi and gari (picked ginger). my food has never tasted any better.

watched interior designer david netto [share](https://youtu.be/A7n1KKxocSw?si=roZVmQMj5LR8CBuq) some design tips. for color matching dos and donts, he recommends looking into Charles de Beistegui (The Château Of Groussay) and Jacques Garcia. when i'm lucky enough to have my own place one day, i want to make it nice. i've only had the privilege of designing my own room, an entire house will be a great and worthy challenge.

llm2vec results were disappointing: masked next token prediction, unsupervised simCSE and supervised took 7 hours in total, and jina v3 was still superior. professor mentioned that it would be computationally costly, and i should've listened to her. but i still had to test it for myself. always run experiments and don't trust intuition. "test it for yourself" over everything.

celine talks about how the most fulfilled people are two things: insatiably curious about everything, and they exist in a state of perpetual, self-inflicted unhappiness, a dissatisfaction about their own abilities, a restless pursuit of greatness. she calls this a [divine discontent](https://substack.com/@celinenguyen/p-150631038)

it's choosing to ask, **what could be better?**, **what can i improve?**.

great writers who commit themselves to being curious and dissatisfied with their work share these three traits:

- patient, unyielding discipline
- aspiring to greatness
- tireless, mundane work of improving one's craft

three things: discipline, aspiration, and revision.

they not only apply to creative acts like making art or writing, but also in writing an email or text to someone and the words just don't sit right, the slight misalignment in your pitch deck, the font on your website that just doesn't feel right, etc.

it's an instinct to critique your own work, even the small things, and understand why, and fixing it.

she argues this makes life more interesting, because there is always something to care about and be passionate about.

> **What is your creative ambition?**
> To continually improve, so I never think “My time may be over.”
>
> – Twyla Tharp’s The Creative Habit
