---
title: 'abstract done'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 27, 2025'
---

[AAPM paper figure](/images/paperfigure.png)

> Albert Camus // "A spirit of art and madness lurks incessantly beneath the balconies and behind the drapes. It cannot die, and it prevents all from being lost."

results are finally done. no more torchruns, tmux new-session, no more loss functions, no more tweaking training configs, at least for the time being. now i just have to write it.my heart feels lighter. there's no weight of getting good results pressing on my shoulders. i no longer feel the awful desolation of watching the numbers be worse after finetuning. spent the entire making the figure for my paper and using claude and deepseek to help me craft my draft. huge mistake to use claude without any tools to generate my results table in latek as it calculated percent increases incorrectly. that would've completely shattered 3 weeks of effort. got feedback from my professor on my draft and i am reminded of the importance of feedback. i was in awe of how good the abstract became after the feedback, it's like an experienced artist taking a kids painting, and adding their own touches to turn it into a masterpiece. not saying my abstract is a masterpiece, but i've never been more proud of my own work. i've always felt like i've never done anything real or worthy, this abstract, no matter how well it is received, or what happens next, will be the first time i felt accomplished. and it raised my bar for what i believe i can achieve.
