---
title: 'sunday links #11'
tags: 'journal, links'
date: 'Apr 27, 2025'
---

> [T]he work that needs to be done is not a finite list of tasks, it is a neverending stream. Clothes are always getting worn down, food is always getting eaten, code is always in motion. The goal is not to finish all the work before you; for that is impossible. The goal is simply to move through the work. Instead of struggling to reach the end of the stream, simply focus on moving along it.
>
> — Nate Soares

products

- [FINH.CC](https://www.finh.cc/?curius=2055)
- [Meet the Humans Building AI Scientists - Asimov Press](https://www.asimov.press/p/futurehouse)
  - "Data is certainly a limiting factor right now. We need both better and more data on how humans do science, including recordings of how people actually talk about it. We have almost none of this kind of data, but it is crucial to build a human-level AI scientist"

career

- [Career Update: Google DeepMind -> Anthropic](https://nicholas.carlini.com/writing/2025/career-update.html)
  - Scientific publications should be the method for communicating scientific results. Science papers should be written for scientists, without the puff of a PR release, and without the linguistic hedging of a legal brief. Doing this will require accepting that writing what is true is not always the same as writing what we wish were true.
  - it's important to remember that a company doesn't want anything; what matters is what the people at the company want, and what the processes make easy or make hard. I've spent well over twenty hours talking to people at every level of Anthropic from the co-founders on the leadership team down to the junior researchers, and got a consistent response that everyone was interested in improving the safety of the field as a whole in the same way that I am.
  - I'm not someone who believe that we're going to have some kind of full artificial general intelligence in the next 2-3 years. But I have [large error bars](https://nicholas.carlini.com/writing/2025/forecasting-ai-2025-update.html) and you should too.
- [Leaving Stripe](https://jondlm.github.io/website/blog/leaving_stripe/)
  - The thought of leaving my job was terrifying yet energizing in ways I didn’t expect. I found myself up in the middle of the night thinking deeply. I wrote my long-form thoughts as an internal blog post. I rewrote them. I read them to my wife who helped me refine them into something closer to what I really care about: telling our stories more truly
  - My impression of Stripe was astronomically high. I considered it an outstanding company of refined craft, attention to detail, and engineering excellence. I always got ridiculously excited when I’d see a new product launch on Hacker News. I had listened to Patrick on podcasts and admired him as an industry visionary. The word “revered” feels fitting
  - Writing was difficult for me when I came to Stripe. I had never really written a serious project proposal in my career working at smaller companies. My writing chops felt woefully underdeveloped and the impression only grew as I read through well-crafted ships every day. I remember a sinking feeling in my chest as I would try to work up the courage to share a link to a document I had agonized over. Worse still was seeing little avatar badges on an incomplete document I was editing. Allowing my unpolished work to be seen was terrifying. I didn’t want anyone to know I struggled. I didn’t want them to know how much their opinions mattered to me
- [Career Decisions - by Elad Gil](https://blog.eladgil.com/p/career-decisions)
  > focus on network and market and growth rate, less on the role and compensation

agency

- [How to get a job in 24 hours - by Carly Ayres - Good Graf!](https://carly.substack.com/p/how-to-get-a-job-in-24-hours?curius=1523)
  > Silicon Valley “high agency” — the ability to take action independently, without waiting for permission or perfect conditions. This also aligns with what many leaders are actively looking for: people who can operate without constant direction, who can identify problems and opportunities, then take initiative to address them.

create

1. [Frequently Asked Questions about My Writing Process](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/writing-faq/)
   > While they acknowledged that those technical skills were important, a majority highlighted an entirely different skill—communication. They explained that their most effective data scientists stood out because they could listen carefully, hear the real and unspoken challenges stakeholders faced, explain how machine learning can help, and write clear requirements for science and engineering teams. They could discuss statistics and machine learning clearly and simply, without relying on jargon like “Mahalanobis Distance” or “Restricted Boltzmann Machines” as a crutch, and instead focused on relatable outcomes like “catch more fraud” or “increase conversions”. As a result, these skilled communicators found it easier to gain buy-in, execute effectively, and earn trust
2. [Aaron Hertzmann on perception, creativity, and the reasons AI can’t replace artists](https://research.adobe.com/news/researcher-spotlight-aaron-hertzmann-on-perception-creativity-and-the-reasons-ai-cant-replace-artists/?curius=1189)
   > The low-level reason that AI won’t replace artists is because it’s really just about tools. Each new thing seems super cool at first. After you play with it, you see that it becomes predictable. Once it’s been around for a while, you get used to it. It becomes a tool you can use in new ways.
   >
   > I’ve also started to think about art as a [social behavior](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPMCWtoC_rM), which is why it will always require humans. We create art to express our social relationships with other people, to affect them, to give gifts, to express our affiliations and tribal status, things like that. In all these cases, we care about art because it came from a person
