---
title: 'lantana + bart cancelled'
tags: 'journal, life, writing'
date: 'Jul 27, 2024'
---

- stayed over at M's place, slept on a futon. i now know what a futon is
- udon noodles taste good i should get some
- A pack of tofu has 7\*4.5 g of protein
- Kimchi with Tofu is so good
- Of all the days I carry a box with toilet paper, bags, and a shower head looking like a homeless, all the way back to SF, there’s a fire at oakland causing all trains to SF to be cancelled
- Probably the only day this year where I never touched my laptop for 24 hours, felt very weird. which shows how addicted i am to technology. almost like it has become an extension of my existence.
- if life was smooth sailing and you never had much problems, then you won't have stories to tell, you won't get to trauma bond/dump with friends, you won’t remember the difficult times that you can look back with fond memories. If life was easy, you won’t remember your life. don't strive for an easy life.
- bella pro series airfryers is so good
- pokemon is a fun game
- first friend hosting in this apartment, looking forward to more hostings and games
- I dreamt i was playing ping pong and my arm MOVED and it woke me up

---

from the [private life of Ms. Donna Tartt](https://m.independent.ie/life/interview-the-very-very-private-life-of-ms-donna-tartt/29780543.html)

- she takes an average of 10 years to write her books
- the torturous first few years of writing comparable to bringing Frankenstein's monster to life
- She writes by hand, making notes in red and blue pencil, stapling note cards to the pages and when the notebooks start to fall apart she prints out drafts, and each new draft is printed on a corresponding shade of paper
- she writes all the time, "like a pianist with scales or an artist with a sketch"
- books are other lives, they enable us to be other people
- galloping through the pages
- i'd go mad if i had to go on a book tour every two years. i'd go completely berserk
- "Was it not Emerson who talked about the great freedom of American life as the freedom not to participate in the life of the culture, the freedom to shut the door, to close the curtains? American heroes are almost always the solitary figures in our literature.
