---
title: 'ai agent hackday'
tags: 'journal, AI, friends'
date: 'Oct 27, 2024'
---

> He is no fool who gives up what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose.
>
> The will of God is always a bigger thing than we bargain for, but we must believe that whatever it involves, it is good, acceptable and perfect.
>
> ― Jim Elliot

went to methodist english service this time around. glad i could understand the sermon entirely, rather than 60% in the mandarin service. there's sunday school and more young adults here and i think i'll be coming back to this church.

went to [edge](https://x.com/edgeagi) campus at 717 market st for the weaviate ai agent hackathon. went with W and A for the speedrun challenge.

partner companies for this event: [Dify](https://dify.ai/), [toolhouse](https://toolhouse.ai/), [restack](https://www.restack.io/), [stori](https://storiai.com/)

had a migraine again and could feel the pain in my jaws. could be the stuffiness of the place, or the fact that i only had an avocado for lunch, or i was dehydrated, these migraines never have an explanation.

got addicted to the fritos flavor twists honey bbq flavored corn chips. they taste like crunchy pasta. junk food taste so good at the moment, but horrible right after.

stopped by A's house, dropped my stuff, wrote this on his todo pad

- get a job
- make money
- family
- ?

the last time i was here was to prep for THE interview, now it's a completely different mood. what a rollercoaster of emotions.

went to Daeho Kalbijim & Beef Soup, it tasted so good. i love purple rice. kimchi was sweet, but not fermented enough. wish they had more sides. tendon was so satisfying to eat. the Tteok was so chewy.

went back for the demo's, most of the projects are ideas i've had and have built before, so it wasn't anything i haven't seen. there were cool ones, like flashrag (using KV cache instead of chunks), and better ZK proofs, and a vision pro app that lets you read financial insights from an LLM along with charts and visualizations.

tried apple vision pro for the first time. the pinching gesture is cool. it was a little heavy but more comfortable that i imagined. when i first saw the real world with the glasses i felt like i was in a game. very peculiar feeling.

got sketching gifts from W. feel like i won't have time to sketch at all given the workload.

glad i'm spending the first few hours being older on the bible and with close ones.
