---
title: 'aapm submission day'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jan 28, 2025'
---

> In [research] if you know what you are doing you should not be doing it.
> In engineering if you do not know what you are doing you should not be doing it.
>
> – Richard Hamming, The Art of Doing Science and Engineering: Learning to Learn

continued editing the draft in class. i had to submit before. left class halfway to take a meeting to figure out submission. managed to submit right before the fire alarm went off and class ended at 11:45. things worked out so well i was surprised.

went for lunch with associate dean and usf staff with A and W at barcha restaurant. talked about our experiences with hackathons, our own hackathon, our practicum experience, our thoughts on the program so far. W ordered entrees and desserts for the table. there's a certain joy and comfort that comes from eating lunch knowing it's going to be paid by someone else.

replied and write emails that was on my backlog for the past few weeks. emailing can take up a surprising amount of time, when is google going to release an ai to emails for me? feels weird not having to think about the research that much anymore. it was occupying my headspace, every waking hour and minute. i also realized i was in three papers. it feels like a dream.

had a call with family for chinese new year. glad to be able to see them and share my achievements. had dinner at Yee's with A and W. the food was so good. the beef stew was the best ever. fireworks and firecrackers already blasting every hour, chinatown turned into a warzone.

went to cafe compute, A couldn't get in so we just took some swags and left. i recognized a few familiar faces from twitter there. i wonder if i'll get to a point in life where people in SF recognize me too. went to watch God of Gambler at A's place. it's such a fun and goofy movie. it made me want to watch more hong kong movies

went home at 1:30 a.m. showered and my drink. talked to T and slept around 3 a.m.
