---
title: 'late to everything'
tags: 'journal, startup, love'
date: 'Feb 28, 2025'
---

i was late to class today by an hour. i spend the time in class replying to emails and feeling excited about the possibility of judging for the shortest hack at GTC. we were all late to our lunch at SOMA bar. the salmon was dry, but i was surprised how soft the vegetables were. the lemon helped make it more appetizing; but it was not worth the 26 price tag. the conversation was heavy on gaming, which reinforced the preexisting notion that i am in fact not a gamer. we rushed from the lunch to a coworking spot (trellis) because we were late to our meeting with Tesla. then we rushed back to campus for a meeting with our school. we moved from one place to another today for the hackathon, our lives revolve around making the event a success. emailed amex and bloomberg and dm'ed the head of design at cursor. spend the rest of the day with T. i did a bit of clauding with the meldrx hackathon, and struggled with distributed homework. ended the night with a conversation about the difference between dating and marriage from a christian perspective. her answer is 有約與否 (承諾與責任). my answer, now revised, is dating is two individuals rowing their own boats, sometimes rowing in the same direction, hoping to reach the same destination, but the current might cause them to drift apart, and there are no guarantees they'll end up in the same destination; marriage is two individuals in the same boat, they have to row in the same direction to move forward. no matter what they made a promose to stick together in the same boat, even though they might have arguments about where to row, they have to come together and make a decision in the end. the alternative is to jumps hip, which some people do. this analogy is a wip.
