---
title: 'some questions in my head'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Jun 28, 2024'
---

- why is my bed so comfortable?
- why are all my dreams so distressing and anxious?
- why do I have to leave Malaysia? why can't I be happy and content here? What is in the US that cannot exist here? Can it ever exist here?
- how much of the movie was green screen vs real-life? how much will AI make filming in real life an aesthetic than a necessity?
- how did john krasinski learn to direct a film?
- would i have the strength to fight cancer? will I just be depressed and terrified the entire time?
- when can I visit New York again?
- if an apocalypse happens when I'm in SF, what will I do? can I even survive?
- is it possible for a cat to be that quiet?
- what is the loudest I can scream?
- should I get an ipod nano?
- why is it that I wish I had curly hair whenever I see a guy with curly hair?
- can every cancer patient have someone like Eric in their final moments? business idea?
- what will be the equivalent of "pizza after piano jazz shows" for my parents?
- why does taking one wrong turn in KL add 30 minutes? why are the roads so badly designed?
- would I have the courage to pursue my dreams? to not have a plan for my life? a career?
- would I ever write a song one day?
- why is it so hard to sketch people? what technique am I lacking? is it possible to learn technique from self-practice? or do I need to be taught?
- how to sketch without fear of making mistakes? how to have full confidence in every stroke? is it just a mindset?
- how does one create their own style and not go for the details every time?
- why is sitting alone in a crowded and open restaurant so distressing?
- why is it so hard for me to let loose and just have fun in conversations? why must it be deep or practical?
- how to becoming more responsive and lively? is this a skill I can nurture or just a mindset?
- how to come up with funny responses to jokes? is it a "the more conversations you have, the better you get" kind of thing? or is it learned from media?
- why am I so awkward? how do I be less awkward in a way that's not sacrificing my authentic self?
- why am I so intimidated by certain people? is that a sign of something? how do I conquer it?
- what determines a healthy family? from the parents? can the children change the parents? can generational trauma be cured?
- how can a family develop better communication styles? is it a point of no return?
- when's the next time I will be back in malaysia?
- what will I be like when I'm 30? where will I be?
- how do I blog without staying up? will I have the time to do this once I start school in SF?
