---
title: 'sf botanical garden'
tags: 'journal, photography, SF'
date: 'Nov 28, 2024'
---

> not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of thanksgiving – W.T. Purkiser

sore throat is still present on thanksgiving day. i wake up in the same old room. in a house that does not feel warm anymore. the art on my walls helped at first, now i'm used to them again. i want more of them. i wish they could change everyday. different kinds of art every hour of the day. the color of my walls, adapting to my mood.

the fact that i spent today watching aliens vs predator while eating miso soup and noodles again, and almost buying an aliens game on steam because it was at a discount, and spent the day walking at botanical garden alone (not that i have anything against being alone), could be a representation of how i did not do a great job at making friends for the 5 months i've been here. or i would rather be alone and take photographs and catch up on my blog writings.

what am i thankful for? a lot of things. i'm thankful that i get to be in sf, walking around the japanese tea garden and botanical garden taking pictures with my fujifilm x100s. i'm thankful that the weather is nice, and i'm relatively healthy. that i get to live another day on this world that's full of beauty, but also full of suffering. and i should never take the peace and boredom for granted. i'm thankful that i have a loving family and friends that care. i'm thankful for sunsets and for colors, and for the internet, my iphone 13 mini and facetime. i'm thankful for many more things, but most importantly for God. not just today, but every day.

> 1 Thessalonians 5:18: Give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you
