---
title: 'ocean view library'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Mar 29, 2025'
---

i spent the morning prepping for interview. i went to hmart in daly city for lunch with S and A. me and S had paik's noodles huge seafood jjajangmyeon plate. after lunch we walked to Blue house cafe and went into ocean view computer lab to grind out the work.

spent the time reading through these two blogs for my interview:

- [Automated GenAI-driven search quality evaluation](https://www.linkedin.com/blog/engineering/ai/automated-genai-driven-search-quality-evaluation)
- [Introducing Semantic Capability in LinkedIn's Content Search Engine](https://www.linkedin.com/blog/engineering/search/introducing-semantic-capability-in-linkedins-content-search-engine)

i find it hard to come up with a good question to ask because i lack the intuition that comes from solving this problem. i can't underestand what came before, and what can come after. how to i build this intuition without any experience with this system. i feel like an outsider looking in, trying to figure out a black box.

i'm feeling queasy everytime i think about my interview.

went to Boulevard cafe to have dinner with church people. i was supposed to go to their gathering since 2 pm but just thinking about everything i still dont' know and feel unprepared for, i did not feel good about it. i got home at around 8 pm. got so burnt out i watched clips of arrested development. the arc of rita and michael was a good stress reliever.

i spent the rest of the night memorizing number of islands and max area of islands. bfs and dfs is so much easier to understand than dp. i need to solve more dp questions.

i also have to start prepping for the ML parts, and read his search system at a deeper level. i have to be prepared for anything. i have to at least get into the 5 rounds. i must crack FAANG.
