---
title: 'ghirardelli square'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Nov 29, 2024'
---

> Every time you make a choice you are turning the central part of you, the part of you that chooses, into something a little different than it was before. And taking your life as a whole, with all your innumerable choices, all your life long you are slowly turning this central thing into a heavenly creature or a hellish creature:
>
> either into a creature that is in harmony with God, and with other creatures, and with itself, or else into one that is in a state of war and hatred with God, and with its fellow creatures, and with itself. To be the one kind of creature is heaven: that is, it is joy and peace and knowledge and power. To be the other means madness, horror, idiocy, rage, impotence, and eternal loneliness. Each of us at each moment is progressing to the one state of the other.
>
> – C.S. Lewis

worked on blog for 4 hours because a tiny idea of making my blog design nicer grew into an obsession that which i could not stop until i was satisfied.

felt sick most of the day again. it's been like this almost the whole week. i think it's because i'm stuck at home too much.

ordered from Hon’s Wun-Tun House, got scammed 4 bucks by uber eats, when i could've walked 2 minutes. their shanghai pan-fried buns were pretty good, the porridge too, but for 30 bucks it might've been

went to ghirardelli square with chinatown mafia. visited some shops, tried hot chocolate, played arcade games.

10 pm dinner at hotpot champs. had a good conversations about life, religion, relationships, and happiness.

went to bed at 2 a.m. wondering where the time went.
