---
title: 'ds at apple'
tags: 'journal, data, career'
date: 'Sep 30, 2024'
---

> I’m very solitary, that’s all ... I can’t dismiss it. Inside, I’m very much in communication with a lot of people and things who absolutely don’t know I’m in communication with them.
>
> – Jean-Luc Godard

teeth pain is super distracting and uncomfortable. it makes me irritable and moody. i can't enjoy my food. the pain is always there.

the best time for gym is post 7 pm. most people are already leaving, and i have a fixed time window for my gym time ~45 minutes. the best time on sunday is after church.

worried about LR test. i have ray summit to attend the next two days. based on today's session there seems to be a lot to catch up on. i'm still unsure about everything. the cost of not paying more attention in class, and skipping class for the meta interview that one day, and not being more curious and asking questions, and not doing the homework properly is being paid right now in more anxiety, more time, and more effort. i find myself studying for cs a lot easier compared to statistics classes. am i just bad at math? how am i statistics major?

---

spoke to a DS manager at Apple and here are a few takeaways

- for internship
  - first step is build trust and relationship with team, get familiar with them, the scope, the projects, the problems. don't be shy to ask questions. talk to everyone.
  - second is seek alignment. ensure you're aligned with your mentor's goal for the role. they do not like surprises. ask "am i on the right track to deliver on X?"
- on culture
  - meta culture is move fast. when you're blocked, don't just stay stuck, seek help. if you're waiting on an answer, solve a different problem in the mean time.
  - apple culture: move fast in a thorough way. high quality and standards for products and features. looks for creativity. people who are proactive and can innovate.
- interviewing
  - read the job description clearly, you don't need to satisfy all requirements, there are must-haves and nice-to-haves
  - interviewing is a mutual selection, an equal partnership
  - think of your interviewer as your colleague, what kind of questions will you ask them and vice versa
- on how to solve problems
  - as a junior, you don't have to worry about finding the best solution for a problem
  - what matters more is you have in your mind good reasons for why you chose method A, B or C
  - even if all of those methods fails, you learned that they are not good solutions
  - your learning process demonstrates your ability to pivot to different solutions.
  - as you grow in your career, you accumulate experience to know the right$$ pieces to the puzzle
- biggest mistake
  - not asking why when you're assigned a task
