---
title: 'mori point, pacifica'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Nov 30, 2024'
---

> “Silence, I discover, is something you can actually hear.”
>
> ― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

the weather was perfect today, a good day for hiking and being out in nature.

went to mori point in pacifica with the church pastor and his wife, and a few other church friends showed up. a young couple brought their 7 month old, it was her first ever hike and being near the beach, safe and warm in her fuzzy bear jacket.

the sand at pacifica is brownish black, especially when the waves come onto them, different from the golden sand in LA.

got exhausted pretty easily, i have not left the house much recently. the only exercises i get is the short hike up to the library or to the gym.

conversations involved church background, education, career, cooking, and more.

the pastor and his wife are scarily fit, they're in their late 60s and the pastor just turned 70 recently, yet they have more energy. i asked the pastor what his secret was, and he said walking. just take walks whenever you can.

went to the nicest taco bell there as well. got a bowl for 11 dollars. it's like chipotle but kid sized. you can get alcohol here.

got home around 3 p.m., after the short 10 min pushup workout, cleaned the house, went to ferry building to get some paper reading done. missed the sunset which was a bummer.

observed families and friends together, with the christmas decorations around. their warmth and love emanates around the entire area. i could almost feel it as well. stayed here until closing time at 8 p.m.

right now the hardest part about reading papers is you set yourself the goal to read these 4 papers, but then you start pulling the thread, and the first paper spits out 4 more papers, and the 3 other papers could spit out more as well, depending on how you're following that thread, you might fall in too deep. it requires a lot of cognitive load, to both understand what's going on, and also go deeper into what the problem is, and how other people are solving it.
