---
title: 'ER in NTU'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'May 31, 2025'
---

i woke up early, around 5 am. jetlag. but i didn't feel tired. i only felt excited, and slightly nervous to see her again. it's been exactly a year since the last time.

we met at the station, and at first i was star struck. its cheesy to say but there's no other way to put it. it felt really unreal at first, like i was dreaming. being with her side by side. seeing her not through a digital screen but with my own eyes. hearing her not through my airpods, but her raw voice. i wanted to notice every part of her face, the way the light falls on it, how her hair dances in the wind. i felt so happy just walking by her side my heart could explode. we were both slightly awkward at first, and didn't know how to react or interact with each other, but soon enough we felt comfortable with each other.

our iternary of the day:

1.  tofu pudding @ Shida Rd Daan, it's bitter which is interesting.
2.  日本風格的 無人古著店 (unmanned vintage shop)
3.  da an park, we sat at a bench eating breakfast and saw taiwan birds there
    - i took photos of her with my camera. ive never felt more compelled to capture a human subject with this camera than ever.
4.  lunch was zhongshan eslite 食習, have a SEAT, 家庭料理店
5.  muji store in zhongshan
6.  ER @ NTU because i was having trouble swallowing and breathing well. it cost $150 to do a covid test ,flu test, and xray for my throat
7.  dinner was a porridge place

i ordered her a uber home. besides the terrible reaction of my throat and the trip to NTU, it couldn't have asked for more. i even saw how we would be in a scenario where one of us had health issues, a glimpse into a future where we would have to take care of each other.

what worried me was the lunch with her parents tomorrow. i can barely speak.
