---
title: 'six seven'
tags: 'journal, travel, food'
date: 'Oct 31, 2025'
---

it was just another cloudy and rainy seattle day.

i was craving for hainan chicken and found Asean Streat Food Hall on google maps. i had my hopes up high because this was seattle and not iowa, surely they can't mess it up too badly, right? boy was i wrong. everything about the dish was terrible, from the rice to the sauce and down to the chicken itself. i was so disappointed, it was a complete failure and dishonor of my country's food and culture that i felt i needed to burn the entire place down. metaphorically. even T's char kuey teoh was visually close, but incredibly salty. i wish this place never existed

we spent most of our time at pier 91, which houses the Brim Coffee Shop at the Edgewater Hotel. we went there thinking it was a cafe, but it turned out to be more of a lounge/restaurant? 

a man who works there said we could enter, so we did, and sat our bags down and started working away. then evening came and the sun went down. and the atmosphere changed into a fancy restaurant. we both felt underdressed and wanted to leave as more people came in looking like actual adults. we gave off strong college student vibes.

the waitress came and asked if we wanted anything, i took a look at the menu and i saw the words "miso glazed black cod". i got so intrigued by this from the moment i learned about nobu, a popular restaurant from the chef Nobu Matsuhisa. and also from the yt [video](https://youtu.be/wFZPdOSN9zA?si=5JIlIsW0QYI-8T_k) of him saying this is Robert De Niro's favorite dish. i decided to go for it, even though it was 60 dollars, possibly the most expensive meal i've ever had, and T went for grilled salmon. 

i liked it in the beginning, it reminded me of fois gras. but it very quickly gave me issues and i liked it no more. it was too oily for my liking. maybe i got too excited and consumed it too quickly.