---
title: 'halloween with family'
tags: 'journal'
date: 'Oct 31, 2024'
---

when making [decisions](https://www.bitsofwonder.co/p/things-ive-learned-about-making-decisions), ask yourself this question:

> Which way do you lean when you’re most confident? Or perhaps right after you’ve prayed, or had a really long, cathartic meditation? What do you feel when you’re most curious? Generally my motto is to follow curiosity and excitement, rather than fear.

learn to stay present

> my personal heuristic is to remember that I will overestimate how much my environment influences my happiness, and that wherever I go, I will carry the baggage of all my memories, personality traits and bad habits. And this is fine, because it also means that wherever I am, I am free to choose in any moment to let go of all my memories and personality traits and bad habits and instead respond to this moment with true presence, taking it in as the shining, novel, brilliant ray of experience that it is

was super late to class today. didn't really pay attention again, was spending the time porting from arc to safari. safari is so much faster and smoother. feeling slightly anxious about not putting tuition money to good use for my classes. i need to focus more.

went to capital one cafe for free iced matcha latte. i think i'm addicted to matcha now. spent more time planning places to go. reddit has a lot of good suggestions. i need an llm that takes suggestions from reddit, and plots it out all on a map, and cluster by neighborhood and location, and also accounts for free days at museums. weekend hack?

brought family to union square, scheduled a demo for vision pro for all of them. dad didn't even know about vision pro. mom was very amazed. it's fun watching older people interact with technology. i'm glad they still get to experience the effects of major technological shifts.

met with bitgrit's early advisor at a diner while family was playing with vision pro. learned a lot more about bigrit. the goal is a marketplace for ai models trained on private data in TEEs. BGR token has been created, which is not affiliated with bigrit due to the stigma on crypto and legality? excited to see where bigrit goes. i've been writing for them for 5 years now on and off, and it all started with a linkedin dm. writing online has huge ROI.

dinner at chipotle, missed the chance for boorito. i'll show up next year as Neo. went whole foods shopping after that. there are so many nice packaging designs. i wonder how designers make packaging designs. what software do they use? what is the review process for it? what makes some design so aesthetic and pretty, while others bland and old. spent 85 for ~15 things. shopping for groceries is still painful because of the dollar conversion, i can't wait to start working and make big boy money.

it was nice to spent halloween day with family. so many people wearing costumes. friends groups getting together. didn't feel safe walking back. i never feel safe in sf, the peak of my anxiety and fear is when i get my keys out of my bag or pocket to open the front door, i always have an irrational fear that some homeless will stab me in the back and break into the apartment. like a movie scene come to life.
